INFORMATION ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS AND THE GLOBAL OFFERING

advisers or any other person or party involved in the Global Offering accepts responsibility for
any tax effects on, or liabilities of, any person resulting from the subscription to, purchase,
holding or disposal of, dealing in, or the exercise of any rights in relation to, the H Shares or
exercising any rights attached to them.

H SHARE REGISTER AND STAMP DUTY

All of the H Shares issued pursuant to applications made in the Hong Kong Public
Offering will be registered on our H Share register of members to be maintained in Hong Kong
by our H Share Registrar, Tricor Investor Services Limited at Level 22, Hopewell Centre, 183
Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong. Our principal register of members will be maintained by us
at our head office in the PRC.

Dealings in the H Shares registered in our H Share register of members will be subject
to the Hong Kong stamp duty. See “Statutory and General Information – 4. Other Information
– I. Taxation of holders of H Shares” in Appendix V. Investors should seek professional tax
advice for further details of Hong Kong stamp duty.

Unless otherwise determined by our Board, dividends will be paid to Shareholders whose
the

names are listed on our register of members in Hong Kong, by ordinary post, at
Shareholders’ risk in Hong Kong dollars.

REGISTRATION OF SUBSCRIPTION, PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF H SHARES

We have instructed Tricor Investor Services Limited, our H Share Registrar, and our H
Share Registrar has agreed, not to register the subscription, purchase or transfer of any H
Shares in the name of any particular holder unless and until such holder delivers a signed form
to our H Share Registrar in respect of those H Shares bearing statements to the effect that the
holder:

(i)

(ii)

agrees with us and each of our Shareholders, and we agree with each Shareholder,
to observe and comply with the PRC Company Law, the Special Regulations and our
Articles of Association;

agrees with us, each of our Shareholders, Directors, Supervisors, managers and
officers, and we act for ourselves and for each of our Directors, Supervisors,
managers and officers agree with each of our Shareholders, to refer all differences
and claims arising from our Articles of Association or any rights or obligations
conferred or imposed by the PRC Company Law or other relevant
laws and
administrative regulations concerning our affairs to arbitration in accordance with
our Articles of Association, and any reference to arbitration shall be deemed to
authorize the arbitration tribunal to conduct hearings in open session and to publish
its award, which arbitration shall be final and conclusive. See “Appendix III –
Summary of Principal Legal and Regulatory Provisions” and “Appendix IV –
Summary of Articles of Association”;

– 107 –

