APPENDIX IA

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The following is the text of a report set out on pages IA-1 to IA-2, received from
Company’s reporting accountants, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, Certified Public Accountants,
Hong Kong, for the purpose of incorporation in this prospectus.

REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF
SHANGHAI JUNSHI BIOSCIENCES CO., LTD
上海君實生物醫藥科技股份有限公司
(incorporated in People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

Introduction

We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of 上海君實生物醫藥
科技股份有限公司 Shanghai
Junshi Biosciences Co., Ltd.* (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages IA-3 to IA-27, which
comprise the condensed consolidated statement of financial position as of September 30, 2018
and the related condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
income, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flows for the nine-month period
then ended, and certain explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on interim
financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and International
Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“IAS 34”) issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation
and presentation of these condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with IAS
34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on these condensed consolidated financial
statements based on our review, and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in
accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Scope of Review

We conducted our

review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review
Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent
Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. A
review of these condensed consolidated financial statements consists of making inquiries,
primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical
and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted
in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to
obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified
in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

*

For identification purpose only

– IA-1 –

