REGULATORY OVERVIEW

of the Drug Administration Law of the PRC (2016 revision) (《中華人民共和國藥品管理法實
施條例(2016年修訂)》). The pharmaceutical manufacturer which has obtained the certificate
of GMP shall reapply for the GMP certification 6 months prior to its expiration date.

GMP certification for pharmaceutical products is a measure of regulation and inspection
on the pharmaceutical production quality by the drug administration department, and an
administrative procedure of inspection and evaluation on the implementation of GMP and
decision on the issuance of GMP certification.

A certificate of GMP that a manufacturer’s factory has met certain criteria in the Good
Manufacturing Practice for Pharmaceutical Products (2010 revision) (《藥品生產質量管理規
範(2010年修訂)》), which includes institution and staff qualifications, manufacture premises
and facilities, equipment, hygiene conditions, manufacture management, product management,
maintenance of sales records and the procedure of handling customer complaints and adverse
reaction reports.

Commissioned Production of Drugs

According to the Drug Administration Law of the PRC (2015 revision) (《中華人民共和
國藥品管理法(2015年修訂)》), pharmaceutical manufacturers may accept the commission to
produce drugs upon the approval of provincial drug administration department. The
Regulations on the Implementation of the Drug Administration Law of the PRC (2016 revision)
(《中華人民共和國藥品管理法實施條例(2016年修訂)》)and the Administrative Measures on
Supervision of Pharmaceutical Production (2017 revision) (《藥品生產監督管理辦法(2017年
修訂)》)defined the qualification of the entrusting party and the entrusted party, namely the
entrusting party must be a pharmaceutical manufacturer with a corresponding drug approval
number while the entrusted party of drug production must be a pharmaceutical manufacturer
with a corresponding certificate of GMP. The entrusting and entrusted party of the drug should
sign the contract stipulating the general rights and obligations, and specific rights and
obligations on the technique and quality control of entrusted production of the drug in
accordance with the laws and regulations on drug administration of the PRC.

OTHER LAWS AND REGULATIONS IN RELATION TO DRUG

New Drug Technology Transfer

The Administrative Regulations for Registration of Drug Technology Transfer(《藥品技
術轉讓註冊管理規定》) applies to the filing, evaluation, examination, and monitoring of the
applications for registration of drug technology transfer. Drug technology transfer refers to the
process of transferring drug production technology from its owner to a drug manufacturing
enterprise whereby the transferee shall apply for the registration of drug. Drug transfer
technology is classified into new drug technology transfer and drug production technology
transfer. The drug technology transfer shall meet the specified application condition and carry

– 139 –

