REGULATORY OVERVIEW

that uses such patent or conduct any other acts which infringe the patent rights without any
authorization of such patent owners will be liable to indemnify such patent owners and will be
fined or be prosecuted for criminal responsibility (as appropriate) by any administrative
authorities.

According to the Trademark Law of the PRC (2013 revision) (《中華人民共和國商標法
(2013年修訂)》), the Trademark Office of the State Council’s administrative department for
industry and commerce is responsible for the trademark registration and administration
throughout the country. A registered trademark is valid for ten years, commencing from the
date of registration approval. Where a trademark registrant intends to continue using the
registered trademark upon expiry of its validity period, the trademark registrant shall go
through renewal procedures within 12 months prior to the date of expiry in accordance with
relevant provisions, failing which a grace period of six months may be granted. Each renewal
of registration is valid for ten years immediately following the date of expiry of the last validity
period of the trademark. If no application for renewal is filed upon expiry of the grace period,
the registered trademark will be deregistered. Each renewal of registration shall be valid for ten
years commencing from the date immediately following the date of expiry of the last validity
period of the trademark. If any individuals or entities use the registered trademarks or conduct
any other acts which infringe the rights of the trademarks without any authorization of the
holders, such individuals or entities will be liable to indemnify the trademark holder and will
be fined or be prosecuted for criminal responsibility (as appropriate) by any administrative
authorities.

Product Liability and Consumer Protection

According to the Product Quality Law of the PRC (2009 revision) (《中華人民共和國產
品質量法(2009年修訂)》), the earnings made by the producer and the distributors from sales
of any defective products may be confiscated and the business license of such producer or
distributors may be revoked; and if the case constitutes a crime,
the offender will be
investigated for criminal responsibility according to the law.

The Law on the Protection of the Rights and Interests of Consumers of the PRC (2013
revision) (《中華人民共和國消費者權益保護法(2013年修訂)》) is designed to protect
the
legitimate rights and interests of consumers when such consumers purchase or use any goods
or accept any services and all operators must comply with such law when they produce or sell
any goods or provide any services to customers. A consumer has the right to safety of person
and property guaranteed in the purchase or use of a commodity or receipt of a service and also
has the right to the knowledge of the true facts concerning commodities purchased and used
or services received. If any personal injuries or property losses are suffered as a result of any
defective commodities, a consumer or other aggrieved parties may require the seller to
compensate, but they may also require the producer to compensate. Where the responsibility
lies with the producer, the seller, after settling the compensation, has the right to recover from
the producer. Where the responsibility lies with the seller, the producer, after settling the
compensation, has the right to recover such compensation from the seller.

– 144 –

