HOW TO APPLY FOR HONG KONG OFFER SHARES

Part of the Hong Kong identity card number/passport number, provided by you or the
first-named applicant (if you are joint applicants), may be printed on your refund cheque, if
any. Your banker may require verification of your Hong Kong identity card number/passport
number before encashment of your refund cheque(s). Inaccurate completion of your Hong
Kong identity card number/passport number may invalidate or delay encashment of your
refund cheque(s).

Subject to arrangement on dispatch/collection of share certificates and refund monies as
mentioned below, any refund cheques and share certificates are expected to be posted on or
around Friday, December 21, 2018. The right is reserved to retain any share certificate(s) and
any surplus application monies pending clearance of cheque(s) or banker’s cashier’s order(s).

Share certificates will only become valid at 8:00 a.m. on Monday, December 24, 2018
provided that the Global Offering has become unconditional and the right of termination
described in the “Underwriting” section in this prospectus has not been exercised. Investors
who trade shares prior to the receipt of share certificates or the share certificates becoming
valid do so at their own risk.

Personal Collection

(i)

If you apply using a WHITE Application Form

If you apply for 1,000,000 or more Hong Kong Offer Shares and have provided all
information required by your Application Form, you may collect your refund cheque(s) and/or
share certificate(s) from our H Share Registrar, Tricor Investor Services Limited at Level 22,
Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong, from 9:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. on Friday,
December 21, 2018, or such other date as notified by us in the newspapers.

If you are an individual who is eligible for personal collection, you must not authorize any
other person to collect for you. If you are a corporate applicant which is eligible for personal
collection, your authorized representative must bear a letter of authorization from your
corporation stamped with your corporation’s chop. Both individuals and authorized
representatives must produce, at the time of collection, evidence of identity acceptable to the
H Share Registrar.

If you do not collect your refund cheque(s) and/or share certificate(s) personally within
the time specified for collection, they will be dispatched promptly to the address specified in
your Application Form by ordinary post at your own risk.

If you apply for less than 1,000,000 Hong Kong Offer Shares, your refund cheque(s)
and/or share certificate(s) will be sent to the address on the relevant Application Form on or
before Friday, December 21, 2018 by ordinary post and at your own risk.

– 384 –

