BUSINESS

Mechanism of Action

preventing

PCSK9 has emerged as a promising treatment target to lower serum cholesterol, a major
the surface of
risk factor of cardiovascular diseases. PCSK9 binds the LDL receptor at
enhancing
in
hepatocytes,
and
endosomes/lysosomes. PCSK9 inhibitors block the
interaction of PCSK9 and the
LDLreceptor,which enhances LDL-C clearance from plasma by increasing hepatic expression
of LDL receptors. The FDA approved PCSK9
of
hypercholesterolemia have demonstrated their ability to lower LDL-C levels and reduce the
risk of cardiovascular disease.

degradation

treatment

inhibitors

for

the

LDL-R

recycling

its

(low-density 

lipoprotein) 
PCSK9  binds  LDL 
receptor  at  the  surface  of  hepatocytes,  preventing 
LDL-R  recycling  and  enhancing  its  degradation  in 
endosomes/lysosomes.

PCSK9 inhibitors can bind to the PCSK9, thus more 
LDL receptors will be recycled to the surface of the 
cell.  And  this  can  increase  the  clearance  of  LDL 
cholesterol from the circulation.

Source: Frost & Sullivan.

Features of JS002

JS002 is an innovative anti-PCSK9 monoclonal antibody. JS002 can bind with high
affinity to human PCSK9, block the binding of PCSK9 to LDL-R on the cell surface, reduce
endocytosis of LDL-R, and enhance the uptake of LDL-C by the liver cells, to reduce LDL-C
level in the blood. The affinity of JS002 and PCSK9 subtypes is 1.83E-11 M (PCSK9) and
1.23E-11 M (PCSK9-D347Y), where PCSK9-D347Y is a Gain-Of-Function (GOF) mutation
that results in hypercholesterolemia. JS002 has the following main features demonstrated in the
preclinical studies:

(1) With high affinity and a new CDR structure, it is able to identify more types of

PCSK9;

(2) No obvious side effect was observed during the single-dose toxicity studies and

repeated-dose toxicity studies of macaca fascicularis or rattus norvegicus;

(3) Based on the pharmacodynamics results from the preclinical studies, JS002 has
demonstrated to be effective in lowering the LDL-C level in macaca mulatta models
with hypercholesterolemia; and

(4) The pharmacokinetic profile of JS002 is similar to the marketed PCSK9 inhibitors.

– 213 –

