REGULATORY OVERVIEW

made by the CDE in the name of the NMPA from May 1, 2017. In July 2018, the NMPA
promulgated the Announcement of the State Drug Administration on Adjusting Evaluation and
Approval Procedures for Clinical Trials for Drugs (《國家藥品監督管理局關於調整藥物臨床
試驗審評審批程序的公告》), or the Announcement, which further adjusted for those who
apply for drug clinical
if an applicant does not receive any negative or
questioning opinions from the CDE within 60 days after the date of accepting the application
and the payment of the fee, drug clinical trials may be conducted in accordance with the plan
being submitted.

trials in China,

After the approval of a clinical trial, the applicant shall select qualified institutions to
conduct the clinical trial. According to the Procedures for Determination of Eligibility of
Institutions for Drug Clinical Trials (Trial Implementation) (《藥物臨床試驗機構資格認定辦
法(試行)》), which came into effect on March 1, 2004, the administrative departments will
conduct a systematic evaluation on the organizational structure, management, investigators,
equipment and facilities, management systems, and standard operating procedures of any
medical institution that has applied for undertaking drug clinical
trials and then make a
decision on whether the institution is eligible to conduct the drug clinical trials.

Before conducting the clinical trial, the applicant shall file a series of detailed documents
with the NMPA, and send a copy to the competent provincial drug administration department.
According to the Announcement on Drug Clinical Trial Information Platform promulgated by
the NMPA (《國家食品藥品監督管理總局關於藥物臨床試驗信息平臺的公告》), which came
into effect on September 6, 2013, all clinical trials approved by the NMPA and conducted in
the PRC shall complete the clinical trial registration and information disclosure on the Drug
Clinical Trial Information Platform.

Clinical Trial (Four Phases)

In compliance with the Measures for the Administration of Drug Registration (《藥品註

冊管理辦法》), clinical trials are divided into Phase I, Phase II, Phase III and Phase IV:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

Phase I: The preliminary clinical pharmacology and human safety evaluation
studies. The purpose is to observe the tolerance degree of human bodies and
pharmacokinetics, and to provide a basis for the formulation of dosage regimen.

Phase II: The preliminary evaluation period on the therapeutic efficacy. The purpose
is to preliminarily evaluate the safety and efficacy of a drug on the target patients,
including providing the basis for the Clinical Trial of Phase III and determining a
drug administration program. Clinical Trial of Phase II may be conducted in various
ways including random blind controlled clinical trial complying with the specific
study purpose.

– 131 –

