RISK FACTORS

We are exposed to fair value change for other financial assets measured at FVTPL and
foreign exchange forward contracts.

We are exposed to fair value change for other financial assets measured at FVTPL and
foreign exchange forward contracts. For the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017 and the
six months ended June 30, 2018, we recorded net gains from fair value changes of other
financial assets measured at FVTPL of RMB10.2 million, RMB6.2 million and RMB3.6
million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2016, we recorded net gains on fair
value changes of foreign exchange forward contracts of RMB4.6 million. For the year ended
December 31, 2017 and the six months ended June 30, 2018, we recorded net losses on fair
value changes of foreign exchange forward contracts of RMB31.1 million and RMB6.4
million, respectively. Future fair value change for other financial assets measured at FVTPL
and foreign exchange forward contracts may negatively impact our financial condition and
results of operations.

RISKS RELATING TO OUR DRUG CANDIDATES

We may fail to identify, discover or prioritize the development of additional drug
candidates.

We plan to continue our exploration for new drug candidates through our R&D to
supplement our product pipeline. Research programs to identify new drug candidates and
disease targets and to pursue the development of our drug candidates for additional indications
require substantial
technical, financial and human resources without guaranteed ultimate
success. Our research programs may initially show promise in identifying potential indications
and/or drug candidates, yet fail to yield results for clinical development for a number of
reasons, including:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

the research methodology used may not be successful in identifying potential drug
candidates and/or indications;

potential drug candidates may, after further study, be shown to have harmful adverse
effects or other characteristics that indicate they are unlikely to be successful drugs;
or

it may take greater human and financial resources to identify additional therapeutic
opportunities for our drug candidates or
to develop suitable potential drug
candidates through internal research programs than we will possess, thereby limiting
our ability to diversify and expand our drug portfolio.

– 55 –

