REGULATORY OVERVIEW

trial protocol. Long-term preclinical

information, including information about product chemistry, manufacturing and controls, and
a proposed clinical
tests of
reproductive toxicity and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted. A 30-day
waiting period after the submission of each IND is required prior to the commencement of
clinical testing in humans. If the FDA has not objected to the IND within this 30-day period,
the clinical trial proposed in the IND may begin.

tests, such as animal

Clinical Studies

Clinical trials performed in the U.S. must be conducted pursuant to an IND and in
compliance with federal regulations and Good Clinical Practices, or GCPs, an international
standard meant to protect the rights and health of subjects and to define the roles of clinical
trial sponsors, administrators, and monitors, as well as under protocols detailing the objectives
of the trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be
evaluated. Each protocol
involving testing on U.S. subjects and subsequent protocol
amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. The FDA may order the
trial at any time or impose other
temporary or permanent discontinuation of a clinical
is not being conducted in
requirements or sanctions if it believes that
accordance with FDA requirements or presents an unacceptable risk to the clinical
trial
subjects. The clinical
trial protocol, any protocol amendments, and informed consent
information for subjects in clinical trials must also be submitted to an Institutional Review
Board, or IRB, for approval. An IRB may require the clinical trial at the site to be halted, either
temporarily or permanently, for failure to comply with the IRB’s requirements, or may impose
other conditions. The IRB also approves the form and content of the informed consent form
that must be signed by each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative, and the IRB
must monitor the clinical trial until completed. Human clinical trials are typically conducted
in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined:

the clinical

trial

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

Phase 1. The product candidate is initially introduced into a limited population of
healthy human subjects and tested for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption,
metabolism, distribution and excretion. In the case of some products for some
diseases, or when the product may be too inherently toxic to ethically administer to
healthy volunteers, the initial human testing may be conducted in patients with the
disease or condition for which the product candidate is being studied.

Phase 2. The product candidate is evaluated in a limited patient population, but
larger than in Phase 1, to identify possible adverse events and safety risks, to
preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted indications
and to assess dosage tolerance, optimal dosage and dosing schedule.

Phase 3. Clinical trials are undertaken to further evaluate dosage, and provide
substantial evidence of clinical efficacy and safety in an expanded patient
population, such as several hundred to several thousand subjects, at geographically
dispersed clinical trial sites. Phase 3 clinical trials are typically conducted when
Phase 2 clinical trials demonstrate that a dose range of the product candidate is

– 148 –

