RISK FACTORS

there are a large number of
R&D, manufacturing and commercialization. Specifically,
companies developing or marketing treatments
including many major
pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. For details, please refer to “Business – Our
Product Pipeline”.

cancer,

for

Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop
and commercialize drugs that are safer and more effective, have fewer or less severe side
effects, or are more convenient or are less expensive than any drugs that we may develop. Our
competitors also may obtain approval from the NMPA, FDA or other comparable regulatory
authorities for their drugs more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could
result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the
market.

Many of the companies against which we are competing or against which we may
compete in the future have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in R&D,
manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals
and marketing approved drugs than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and
biotechnology industries may result
in even more resources being concentrated among a
smaller number of our competitors. Smaller and other early-stage companies may also prove
to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and
established companies. These third parties may compete with us in recruiting and retaining
qualified scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and patient
registration for clinical trials, as well as acquiring technology complementary to, or necessary
for, our programs.

The market opportunities for our drug candidates may be limited to those patients who
are ineligible for or have failed prior treatments and the relevant potential markets may
be small.

Our projections of the number of people who have the diseases we are targeting and who
have the potential to benefit from treatment with our drug candidates, are based on our beliefs
and estimates. These estimates have been derived from a variety of sources, including scientific
literature, surveys of clinics, patient foundations or market research and may prove to be
incorrect. Further, new studies may change the estimated incidence or prevalence of these
cancers. Additionally, the potentially addressable patient population for our drug candidates
may be limited or may not be amenable to treatment with our drug candidates. Even if we
obtain significant market share for our drug candidates, because the potential
target
populations are small, we may never achieve profitability without obtaining regulatory
approval for additional indications.

– 64 –

