APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL LEGAL AND
REGULATORY PROVISIONS

The People’s congresses of autonomous regions may enact autonomy regulations and
separate rules in the light of the political, economic and cultural characteristics of the local
nationalities, which shall come into effect upon approval from the Standing Committee of the
NPC. Adaptations of provisions of laws and administrative regulations may be introduced to
the autonomy regulations and separate rules so long as they do not contravene the basic
principles of the laws or administrative regulations, and no adaptations shall be made to the
specific provisions on national autonomous areas in the constitutions, national
region
autonomy laws and other relevant laws and administrative regulations.

According to the Constitution, the power to interpret laws is vested in the Standing
Committee of the NPC. According to the Decision of the Standing Committee of the NPC
Regarding the Strengthening of Interpretation of Laws (《全國人民代表大會常務委員會關於
加強法律解釋工作的決議》) passed on June 10, 1981, the Supreme People’s Court has the
power to give general interpretation on questions involving the specific application of laws and
decrees in court trials. The State Council and its ministries and commissions are also vested
with the power to give interpretation of the administrative regulations and department rules
which they have promulgated. At the regional level, the power to give interpretations of the
local laws and regulations is vested in the regional legislative and administrative organs which
promulgate such laws, regulations and rules.

PRC JUDICIAL SYSTEM

Under the Constitution and the PRC Law on the Organization of the People’s Courts
(2018 revision) (《中華人民共和國人民法院組織法(2018年修訂)》), the PRC judicial system
is made up of the Supreme People’s Court, the local people’s courts, military courts and other
special people’s courts.

The local people’s courts are comprised of the primary people’s courts, the intermediate
people’s courts and the higher people’s courts. The primary people’s courts are organized into
civil, criminal, administrative, supervision and enforcement divisions. The intermediate
people’s courts are organized into divisions similar to those of the primary people’s courts, and
are entitled to organize other courts as needed. The higher people’s courts supervise the
primary and intermediate people’s courts. The people’s procuratorates also have the right to
exercise legal supervision over the civil proceedings of people’s courts of the same level and
lower levels. The Supreme People’s Court is the highest trial organ of the PRC. It supervises
the judicial administration of the people’s courts at all levels.

– III-2 –

