RISK FACTORS

The conversion of a significant number of Domestic Shares into H Shares may seriously
harm the prevailing market price of our H Shares.

The Domestic Shares can be converted into H Shares, if the conversion and trading of H
Shares so converted shall have been duly completed pursuant to requisite internal approval
process and the approval from the relevant PRC regulatory authorities, including the CSRC. In
addition, such conversion and trading must,
in all aspects, comply with the regulations
promulgated by the securities regulatory authority under the State Council and the regulations,
requirements and procedures of the Stock Exchange. If a significant number of Domestic
Shares are converted into H Shares, the supply of H Shares may be substantially increased,
which could materially and adversely affect the prevailing market price of our H Shares.

There will be a gap of several days between pricing and trading of our H Shares, and the
price of our H Shares when trading begins could be lower than the offer price.

The initial price to the public of our H Shares sold in the Global Offering is expected to
be determined on the Price Determination Date. However, the H Shares will not commence
trading on the Stock Exchange until they are delivered, which is expected to be several
Business Days after the Price Determination Date. As a result, investors may not be able to sell
or otherwise deal in the H Shares during that period. Accordingly, holders of our H Shares are
subject to the risk that the price of the H Shares when trading begins could be lower than the
Offer Price as a result of adverse market conditions or other adverse developments that may
occur between the time of sale and the time trading begins.

Because we do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future after the Global
Offering, you must rely on price appreciation of our Shares, if any, for a return on your
investment.

We currently intend to retain most, if not all, of our available funds and any future
earnings after the Global Offering to fund the development and commercialization of our
pipeline drug candidates. As a result, we do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the
foreseeable future. Therefore, you should not rely on an investment in our H Shares as a source
for any future dividend income.

Our Board has complete discretion as to whether to distribute dividends. Even if our
Board decides to declare and pay dividends, the timing, amount and form of future dividends,
if any, will depend on our future results of operations and cash flow, our capital requirements
and surplus, the amount of distributions (if any) received by us from our subsidiaries, our
financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our Board.
Accordingly, the return on your investment in our H Shares will likely depend entirely upon
any future price appreciation of our H Shares. There is no guarantee that our H Shares will
appreciate in value after the listing or even maintain the Offer Price of the H Shares. You may
not realize a return on your investment in our H Shares and you may even lose your entire
investment in our H Shares.

– 90 –

