STRUCTURE OF THE GLOBAL OFFERING

below the Offer Price and therefore at or below the price paid for the Shares by purchasers. A
public announcement in compliance with the Securities and Futures (Price Stabilizing) Rules
will be made within seven days of the expiration of the stabilizing period.

PRICING AND ALLOCATION

Determining the Offer Price

The International Underwriters will be soliciting from prospective investors’ indications
of interest in acquiring Offer Shares in the International Placing. Prospective professional and
institutional
investors will be required to specify the number of Offer Shares under the
International Placing they would be prepared to acquire either at different prices or at a
particular price. This process, known as “book-building”, is expected to continue up to, and to
cease on or around, the last day for lodging applications under the Hong Kong Public Offering.

Pricing for the Offer Shares for the purpose of the various offerings under the Global
Offering will be fixed on the Price Determination Date, which is expected to be on or around
Monday, December 17, 2018 and in any event no later than Friday, December 21, 2018, by
agreement between the Lead Global Coordinator, on behalf of the Underwriters, and our
Company and the number of Offer Shares to be allocated under the various offerings will be
determined shortly thereafter.

Offer Price Range

The Offer Price per Offer Share under the Hong Kong Public Offering will be identical
to the Offer Price per Offer Share under the International Placing based on the Hong Kong
dollar price per Offer Share under the International Placing, as determined by the Lead Global
Coordinator, on behalf of the Underwriters, and our Company.

The Offer Price will not be more than HK$20.38 per Offer Share and is expected to be
not less than HK$19.38 per Offer Share, unless otherwise announced by our Company no later
than the morning of the last day for lodging applications under the Hong Kong Public Offering,
as further explained below. Prospective investors should be aware that the Offer Price to be
determined on the Price Determination Date may be, but is not expected to be, lower than the
indicative Offer Price range stated in this prospectus.

Price Payable on Application

Applicants under the Hong Kong Public Offering are required to pay, on application, the
maximum Offer Price of HK$20.38 per Hong Kong Offer Share (plus 1% brokerage, 0.0027%
SFC transaction levy and 0.005% Stock Exchange trading fee). If the Offer Price is less than
HK$20.38, appropriate refund payments (including the brokerage, SFC transaction levy and
the Stock Exchange trading fee attributable to the surplus application monies, without any
interest) will be made to successful applications.

– 360 –

