APPENDIX V

STATUTORY AND GENERAL INFORMATION

Notes:

1.

2.

3.

4.

Please also refer to “Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” for details of our Directors, Supervisors
and senior management.

The shareholding percentage does not take into account the exercise of the Over-allotment Option and the 2018
Convertible Bonds.

Wang Shixu is an associate of Mr. Wu Hai, our executive Director.

As disclosed above, each of Liu Hongchuan and Gao Yucai has been granted 100,000 or more Pre-IPO Options.

Other than disclosed above, our Company had also granted Pre-IPO Options for a total of
225,000 Shares to 13 ex-employees of our Group. The Pre-IPO Options of these 13 Grantees
who left our Group have therefore lapsed.

Our Directors have resolved that no other Pre-IPO Options have been, or will, after the
Listing Date, be granted, or have been agreed to be granted by our Company under the Share
Incentive Scheme.

3.

FURTHER INFORMATION ABOUT OUR DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

A. Disclosure of Interests

(a)

Interests and short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executive of
the Company in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of our Company
and our associated corporations

The following table sets out the interests and short positions of the Directors,
Supervisors and chief executive of our Company immediately following completion of
the Global Offering (without taking into account the Shares which may be allotted and
issued pursuant to the exercise of the Over-allotment Option, the 2018 Convertible Bonds
and the Pre-IPO Options) in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of our Company
or any of our associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which
will have to be notified to us and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of
Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions in which they are taken or
deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which will be required, pursuant
to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or which will
be required to be notified to us and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for
Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained in the Listing Rules, once

– V-20 –

