APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL LEGAL AND
REGULATORY PROVISIONS

Minority Shareholder Protection

Under Hong Kong law, a shareholder who complains that the affairs of a company
incorporated in Hong Kong are conducted in a manner unfairly prejudicial to his/her interests
may petition to the court to either liquidate such company or make an appropriate order
regulating the affairs of the company. In addition, on the application of a specified number of
members,
inspectors who are given
extensive statutory powers to investigate the affairs of a company incorporated in Hong Kong.

the Financial Secretary of Hong Kong may appoint

The Company, as required by the Mandatory Provisions, has adopted in its Articles of
Association minority Shareholder protection provisions
as
comprehensive as) those available under the Hong Kong law. These provisions state that a
controlling shareholder may not exercise its voting rights in a manner prejudicial to the
interests of other shareholders, may not relieve a director or supervisor of his duty to act
honestly in our best interests or may not approve the expropriation by a director or supervisor
of our assets or the individual rights of the relevant PRC tax authorities.

to (though not

similar

Dividends

The company has the power in certain circumstances to withhold, and pay to the relevant
PRC tax authorities, any tax payable under PRC law on any dividends or other distributions
payable to a shareholder. Under Hong Kong law, the limitation period for an action to recover
a debt (including the recovery of declared dividends) is six years, whereas under PRC laws, the
relevant limitation period is two years.

Financial Disclosure

Under the PRC Company Law, a company is required to make available at the company
for inspection by shareholders its financial report 20 days before its shareholders’ annual
general meeting. In addition, a company of which the shares are publicly offered must publish
its financial condition in accordance with the PRC Company Law. The annual balance sheet
shall be verified by its certified accountant. The Companies Ordinance requires a company
incorporated in Hong Kong to send every shareholder a copy of its balance sheet, auditors’
report and directors’ report, which are to be presented before the company in its annual general
meeting, not less than 21 days before the annual general meeting.

– III-23 –

