RISK FACTORS

We have a limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate our current
business and predict our future performance.

We are a biopharmaceutical company formed in December 2012 focused on the discovery
and development of innovative drugs for the treatment of cancers and other diseases. Our
limited operating history, particularly in light of the rapidly evolving monoclonal antibody
field, may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and predict our future performance.

As a relatively new business, we have not yet demonstrated an ability to manufacture
drugs at a commercial scale, or arrange for a third party to do so on our behalf, or conduct sales
and marketing activities necessary for successful commercialization. We have not had any
product approved for commercial sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales.
Consequently, any assessment you make about our current business or future success or
viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history and had
been able to reduce some of the uncertainties as set out above. Further, our limited financial
track record, without any revenue yet from our expected future principal business, may be of
limited reference value for your assessment of our business.

As a new biopharmaceutical business, we expect

to encounter difficulties and
complications as commonly experienced by early-stage companies operating in rapidly
evolving fields as we seek to transition to a large-scale and mature company with
self-sustainable commercial activities. There is no assurance that we will always be able to
address the known and unknown risks and difficulties effectively and achieve our transition
goals successfully, which may in turn have a material and adverse impact on our business,
financial condition and results of operations.

We have incurred net losses during the Track Record Period and anticipate that we will
continue to incur net losses in the near future.

Investment

in pharmaceutical product development

is highly speculative because it
entails substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that a drug candidate may
fail to gain regulatory approval or become commercially viable. We have devoted most of our
financial resources to R&D, including our non-clinical development activities and clinical
trials. We have not generated any revenue from product sales to date, and we expect to continue
to incur significant development and other expenses related to our ongoing operations. As a
result, we are not profitable and have incurred losses in each period since our inception in
2012. We reported loss and total comprehensive expenses of RMB128.7 million, RMB326.9
million and RMB267.4 million, respectively, in 2016, 2017 and the six months ended June 30,
2018. Substantially all of our operating losses have resulted from costs incurred in connection
with our R&D programs and from general and administrative costs associated with our
operations.

– 50 –

