RISK FACTORS

Under the existing foreign exchange regulations, following the completion of the Global
Offering, we will be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies without prior approval from
SAFE by complying with certain procedural requirements. However, we could not rule out the
possibility that the PRC government may, at its own discretion, take measures to restrict
relevant foreign exchange policies regarding payment of dividends in the future. In addition,
any insufficiency of foreign exchange may restrict our ability to obtain sufficient foreign
exchange for dividend payments to our Shareholders or to satisfy any other foreign exchange
requirements.

It may be difficult to effect service of process in relation to disputes brought in courts
outside the PRC on, or to enforce judgments obtained from non-PRC courts against, us
or our management who reside in the PRC.

Part of our assets are located in the PRC. As the PRC has not entered into treaties or
arrangements providing for the recognition and enforcement of judgement made by courts of
most other jurisdictions, there is no assurance that you will be able to effect service of process
in connection with disputes brought in courts outside the PRC on, or to enforce judgments
obtained from non-PRC courts against, us or our management who reside in the PRC.

On July 14, 2006, the Supreme People’s Court of the PRC and the Hong Kong government
signed the Arrangement on Reciprocal Recognition and Enforcement of Judgements in Civil
and Commercial Matters by the Courts of the Mainland and of the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region Pursuant to Choice of Court Agreements between Parties Concerned
(the “Arrangement”). Under such Arrangement, where any designated people’s court of the
PRC or any designated Hong Kong court has made an enforceable final judgement requiring
payment of money in a civil and commercial case pursuant to a choice of court agreement in
writing by the parties, any party concerned may apply to the relevant people’s court of the PRC
or Hong Kong court for recognition and enforcement of the judgement. The Arrangement came
into effect on August 1, 2008, but the outcome and enforceability of any action brought under
the Arrangement is still uncertain.

There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws, rules
and regulations.

A large portion of our operations are conducted in the PRC through our PRC subsidiaries,
and are governed by PRC laws, rules and regulations. The PRC legal system is a civil law
system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions may be
cited for reference but have limited precedential value.

In 1979, the PRC government began to promulgate a comprehensive system of laws, rules
and regulations governing economic matters in general. The overall effect of legislation over
the past three decades has significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of
foreign investment in China. However, China has not developed a fully integrated legal system,
and recently enacted laws, rules and regulations may not sufficiently cover all aspects of
economic activities in China or may be subject to significant degrees of interpretation by PRC

– 86 –

