BUSINESS

We believe that we compete primarily on the basis of strong R&D capabilities, advanced
R&D platforms, experienced professional
team and a robust pipeline of drug candidates
catering for the medical needs of PRC patients. We believe our continued success will depend
on our capabilities to (i) develop innovative products and advanced technology; (ii) expand our
product portfolio; (iii) maintain a highly efficient operational model; (iv) attract and retain
talented technology development personnel; (v) maintain high quality standards; and (vi) build
and maintain strong medical affairs and medical liaison teams.

COMMERCIALIZATION

We have established our sales department to carry out the commercialization of JS001 and
other drug candidates. Our sales department will initially have around 220 personnel according
to our plan. As of the Latest Practicable Date,
the head of the sales department, all
director-level personnel, the majority of regional Managers and an initial sales force were
already in place. We plan to hire most of the remaining personnel by the end of 2018.

Our sales department comprises the following teams:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

Our marketing team is led by two department directors and is mainly responsible
for product positioning, market strategy and marketing activity planning.

Our sales team will have around 190 personnel led by three department directors
and is mainly responsible for conducting sales of our products for their respective
approved indications. Our sales representatives will work in their respective regions
to ensure adequate market coverage, enhance market penetration and meet
the
anticipated demand for our future approved drug candidates.

Our channel access and government affairs team is led by one department director
and is mainly responsible for the formulation and implementation of our product
channel strategy and communication with the government and hospitals.

Our product medical team is mainly responsible for the communication with, and
training for, medical experts.

Our internal operations team is mainly responsible for administrative, human
resources, sales force effectiveness, financial and compliance management.

The head of our sales department, Mr. Han Jing, reports directly to our Chief Executive
Officer. Mr. Han worked as director of oncology in multiple MNCs with over eight years’
senior management experience in the oncology field. We have devised our medical strategy for
the marketing and sales of JS001 based on its characteristics and clinical trial data. We plan
to acquire our market share for JS001 through a medical innovation model including the
adaptation to the multi-disciplinary treatment (MDT) platforms in leading PRC hospitals, the
facilitation of
investigator-initiated trials, studies and researches (IIT/IIS/IIR) and the
promotion of real-world studies (RWS) to evaluate the safety and efficacy of our approved drug
candidates in real-world treatment processes.

– 239 –

