BUSINESS

Source: Internal technical report

MFI= mean fluorescence intensity. PD-1 predominantly expressed on activated T lymphocytes. Dose-
dependent JS001 induced PD1 internalization was observed in activated T cells of human PBMC. PD-1
internalization were confirmed with CypHer5E-labeled JS001 and counter-stained with a PE-conjugated
non-competing PD-1 mAb clone MIH4, which shows surface PD-1 level. In the left chart, a negative
correlation was observed between CypHer5E fluorescence intensity (blue line) and surface PD-1 level after
JS001 treatment (red line). In the right chart, JS001-induced PD-1 internalization (blue line) increased steadily
over time, up to 6 hours (the longest time tested) following antibody incubation, while cell surface PD-1 level
(red line), conversely, declined over time.

JS001 binds PD-1 with high affinity and specifically blocks interactions of PD-1 with its
ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2. JS001 binds PD-1 expressed on activated T lymphocyte to promote
T lymphocyte activation, proliferation, cytokine release and killing of tumor cells. The
limitation of JS001 is that it may also induce autoimmune adverse events, including hyper- or
hypo-thyroidism, pancreatitis,
the
autoimmune adverse events may be managed by pausing or stopping JS001 and timely steroid
treatment. Administration of JS001 will affect PD-1-PD-L1/PD-L2 function in normal
non-cancerous cells and might cause autoimmune adverse events. The usage of JS001 is
intended to be limited to cancer patients.

lung disease, diabetes and colitis. However,

interstitial

Clinical Trials

As of the Latest Practicable Date, we were conducting a total of 18 clinical trials on JS001
monotherapies and combination therapies in China. PIs involved in such clinical trials are
mainly researchers and clinicians from reputable research institutes and hospitals in various
provinces in China. Our Phase I clinical trial of JS001 in the U.S. involves 12 participating
clinical centers in the U.S.

The following table sets out our management team responsible for our conduct of clinical

trials, including results coordination and scrutiny of multi-center results:

Name

Position

Responsibility

Li Ning(1)
Yao Sheng(1)

Chief Executive Officer
Senior vice president

Overall supervision
Translational medicine and clinical trials in

Gu Juanhong(1)

Deputy general manager

Clinical trials in China and the Asia-Pacific

Jiang Yinrui(2)

Executive Medical Director

Clinical trials execution

Region

the U.S.

Notes:

(1)

See “Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” for further information.

(2) Ms. Jiang graduated from Fudan University with a master’s degree in clinical medicine and worked as
a senior medical manager at Sanofi-Aventis (China) Investment Co., Ltd. and PD Medical Director at
Roche (China) Holding Ltd. before joining us.

– 187 –

