APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Critical judgement in applying accounting policies

The following is the critical judgement, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that the directors
of the Company have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the most
significant effect on the amounts recognised in the Historical Financial Information.

Research and development expenses

Development expenses incurred on the Group’s drug product pipelines are capitalised and deferred only when
the Group can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for
use or sale, the Group’s intention to complete and the Group’s ability to use or sell the asset, how the asset will
generate future economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete the pipeline and the ability to measure
reliably the expenditure during the development. Development expenses which do not meet
these criteria are
expensed when incurred. Management will assess the progress of each of the research and development projects and
determine the criteria met for capitalisation. All development expenses were expensed when incurred during the
Track Record Period.

Key sources of estimation uncertainty

The key assumption concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation of uncertainty at the end of the
Track Record Period, that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amount of
assets and liabilities within the coming twelve months are described below.

Useful lives and estimated impairment on property, plant and equipment

The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives and the depreciation method in determining the
related depreciation charges for its property, plant and equipment. This estimate is reference to useful lives of
property, plant and equipment of similar nature and functions in the industry. Management will
increase the
depreciation charge where useful lives are expected to be shorter than expected, or will write-off or write-down
obsolete assets that have been abandoned or sold.

At December 31, 2016 and 2017, and June 30, 2018, the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment of

the Group amounted to RMB168,549,000, RMB359,626,000 and RMB520,533,000 respectively.

Fair value of convertible loan notes designated at FVTPL

The Company has issued convertible loan notes to an investor during the Track Record Period as set out in
Note 27. The Group designated the financial instrument as financial liabilities at FVTPL in which no quoted prices
in an active market exist. The fair value of the financial instrument is established by using binomial options pricing
model. Valuation techniques are certified by an independent and recognised international business valuer before
being implemented for valuation and are calibrated to ensure that outputs reflect market conditions. Valuation models
established by the valuer make the maximum use of market inputs and rely as little as possible on the Group’s specific
data. However, it should be noted that some inputs, such as fair value of the ordinary shares of the Company, and
discount for lack of marketability, require management estimates. Management estimates and assumptions are
reviewed periodically and are adjusted if necessary. Should any of the estimates and assumptions changed, it may lead
to a change in the fair value of the financial liabilities at FVTPL. The fair value of the financial liabilities at FVTPL
as at December 31, 2016, December 31, 2017 and June 30, 2018 is nil, nil and RMB209,601,000, respectively.

– I-30 –

