REGULATORY OVERVIEW

範圍管理暫行辦法》), the drugs included in the National Medical Insurance Drug Catalogue
must be necessary, safe, effective, easy to use and commercially available at a reasonable price
for clinical purposes while satisfying at least one of the following requirements:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

contained in the Pharmacopoeia of the PRC (《中華人民共和國藥典》);

in accordance with the standards issued by the NMPA;

approved by the NMPA to be imported.

The National Medical Insurance Drug Catalogue is the disbursement criteria for the basic
medical insurance, work-related injury insurance and maternity insurance. This Catalogue,
which classifies the drugs into Class A and Class B, and requires that the social security
administration departments of all provinces shall not adjust the scope of Class A drugs in the
Catalogue and must adjust
the scope of Class B drugs strictly following the rules and
regulations in force. The quantity involved in adjustments shall not exceed 15% of the quantity
of national drugs of Class B. The contents of Part B of the provincial medical insurance
catalogues may differ from region to region in the PRC. Patients purchasing medicines
included in Part A of the National Medical Insurance Drug Catalogue shall reimburse the
purchase price through the basic medical insurance program in full, and Patients purchasing
medicines included in Part B of the National Medical Insurance Drug Catalogue are required
to pay a certain percentage of the purchase price and obtain reimbursement for the remainder
of the purchase price through the basic medical
insurance program. The percentage of
reimbursement for Part B medicines differs from region to region in the PRC.

On February 21, 2017, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of the PRC
released the 2017 National Medical Insurance Drug Catalogue, the scope of which had been
expanded to cover 2,535 drugs in total, including 339 drugs that had been newly added. In July
2017, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of the PRC announced that the
2017 National Medical Insurance Drug Catalogue would be expanded to include an additional
36 innovative drugs, classified as Part B medicines. In September, 2018, the Ministry of
Human Resources and Social Security of the PRC announced that the 2017 National Medical
Insurance Drug Catalogue would be expanded to include an additional 17 anti-cancer drugs,
classified as Part B medicine. The 2017 National Medical Insurance Drug Catalogue and its
amendments reflects an emphasis on innovative drugs and drugs that treat cancer and other
serious diseases.

OTHER LAWS AND REGULATIONS IN RELATION TO OUR BUSINESS

Intellectual Property

According to the Patent Law of the PRC (2008 revision) (《中華人民共和國專利法(2008
年修訂)》), there are three kinds of patent protection: patent for an invention, patent for utility
models and design patent. The protection term for an invention is 20 years; the protection term
for a utility model or a design patent is ten years and such patent become effective after the
State Intellectual Property Office makes an announcement of approval. Any individual or entity

– 143 –

