STRUCTURE OF THE GLOBAL OFFERING

THE GLOBAL OFFERING

This prospectus is published in connection with the Hong Kong Public Offering as part

of the Global Offering. The Global Offering comprises of:

(a)

(b)

to
the Hong Kong Public Offering of initially 15,892,000 H Shares (subject
reallocation) in Hong Kong as described in the paragraph headed “– The Hong Kong
Public Offering” in this section; and

the International Placing of an aggregate of initially 143,018,000 H Shares (subject
to reallocation and the Over-allotment Option) outside the United States in reliance
on Regulation S and in the United States to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A or other
available exemption from the registration requirements of the US Securities Act.

Investors may apply for Hong Kong Offer Shares under the Hong Kong Public Offering
or apply for or indicate an interest, if qualified to do so, for the International Placing Shares
under the International Placing, but may not do both.

The number of Hong Kong Offer Shares and International Placing Shares to be offered
under the Hong Kong Public Offering and the International Placing respectively may be subject
to reallocation as described in the paragraph headed “– Pricing and Allocation” in this section.

References in this prospectus to applications, Application Forms, application monies or

the procedure for application relate solely to the Hong Kong Public Offering.

THE HONG KONG PUBLIC OFFERING

Number of H Shares Initially Offered

We are initially offering 15,892,000 Hong Kong Offer Shares at

the Offer Price,
representing approximately 10% of the total number of Offer Shares initially available under
the Global Offering, at the Offer Price for subscription by the public in Hong Kong. Subject
to the reallocation of H Shares between (i) the International Placing, and (ii) the Hong Kong
Public Offering, the Hong Kong Offer Shares will represent approximately 2.09% of our
Company’s enlarged issued share capital immediately after completion of the Global Offering,
assuming that the Over-allotment Option is not exercised.

The Hong Kong Public Offering is open to members of the public in Hong Kong as well
as to institutional and professional investors. Professional investors generally include brokers,
dealers and companies (including fund managers) whose ordinary business involves dealing in
shares and other securities, and corporate entities which regularly invest in shares and other
securities.

Completion of the Hong Kong Public Offering is subject to the conditions as set out in

the paragraph headed “– Conditions of the Hong Kong Public Offering” in this section.

– 352 –

