APPENDIX I

Business combinations

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a
business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of
the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the
equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are generally
recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair

value, except that:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are
recognised and measured in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS 19 Employee Benefits
respectively; and

liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or
share-based payment arrangements of
the Group entered into to replace share-based payment
arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 Share-based Payment at the
acquisition date (see the accounting policy below); and

assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-current
Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard.

Goodwill

is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred,

the amount of any
non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the
acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as at acquisition
date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum
of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the
acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as
a bargain purchase gain.

Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share
of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially measured at the non-controlling
interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets or at fair value. The
choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis. Other types of non-controlling interests
are measured at their fair value.

Goodwill

Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of

the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units (or
groups of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, which represent
the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and not larger than an operating
segment.

A cash-generating unit (or groups of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for
impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill arising
on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or groups of cash-generating units) to which
goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount
is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill
and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or groups of
cash-generating units).

On disposal of the relevant cash-generating units (or groups of cash-generating units), the attributable amount
of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount of profit or loss on disposal (or any of the cash-generating
unit within group of cash-generating units in which the Group monitors goodwill).

– I-16 –

