BUSINESS

Notes:

(1) We have completed Phase II clinical trial for melanoma 2L, based on which we filed NDA with
the NMPA. We expect to obtain such NDA approval in late 2018 or early 2019 and are preparing
to launch JS001 in the PRC shortly after obtaining NDA approval. We were undertaking Phase
III clinical trial for melanoma 1L as of the Latest Practicable Date.

(2) We plan to initiate Phase III clinical trials of JS001 for nasopharyngeal carcinoma, gastric
carcinoma, esophageal carcinoma and non-small cell lung carcinoma in the first quarter of 2019.
For indications other than the above-mentioned ones and melanoma, we will determine the timing
of the initiation of the next phase of clinical trials based on various considerations including the
progress and outcome of
industry development and
competition.

the current phase of clinical

trials,

(3)

In accordance with the biosimilar approval pathway in China, we were undertaking Phase I and
Phase III clinical trials of UBP1211 concurrently as of the Latest Practicable Date.

JS001 (toripalimab, anti-PD-1 mAb)

JS001, or toripalimab, is a recombinant humanized anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody for
injection addressing various malignant tumors. We optimized JS001 through various R&D
steps, in particular the discovery and efficient identification of new molecular entities, the
humanization of mouse antibodies, functional evaluation of antibody leads in vivo and the
construction of productive and stable cell lines, all of which made JS001 an innovative drug
with distinctive treatment advantages.

JS001 is our most advanced product candidate and is currently in the near-commercial
stage. We are cooperating with KOLs and PIs in a number of clinical trial centers in the PRC
to conduct Phase II and Phase III clinical trials of JS001 for oncological indications including
malignant melanoma, urothelial cancer, gastric cancer, esophageal cancer and nasopharyngeal
cancer. We also started Phase I clinical trial of JS001 in the United States in March 2018.

Mechanism of Action

PD-1 is an inhibitory receptor expressed on activated B and T lymphocytes and myeloid
cells. Constitutive surface expression of PD-L1 is restricted to antigen presentation cells (APC)
and cells at immune-privileged sites. Expression of PD-L1, however, could be induced on a
variety of tissue and cell types, including leukocytes, peripheral epithelial and endothelial cells
upon stimulation by pro-inflammatory cytokines, such as interferons and TNF. The PD-L1
expression profile implicates a role in APC function and host response to inflammatory stimuli.
Unlike the broad inducible expression pattern of PD-L1, surface expression of PD-L2 is
restricted to dendritic cells and macrophages, implicating a role in APC function. PD-L1 is
rapidly upregulated in the peripheral tissues in response to inflammation to shut down immune
responses through PD-1 expressed on lymphocytes. They are the host natural check point to
prevent
immunopathology as a consequence of lymphocyte activation. This safeguarding
mechanism was exploited by cancer to evade host immune attack. PD-L1, the primary PD-1
ligand in the peripheral tissue, is found to be overexpressed in many solid tumors, and PD-L1
expression has been identified as a negative prognostic biomarker in various cancers associated
with poor survival.

– 184 –

