REGULATORY OVERVIEW

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

The notified drug control institute shall inspect the sample taken for registration
inspection, and submit the drug inspection report within the prescribed time, send
copies to the CDE, the competent provincial drug administration department and the
applicant.

Upon receipt of the application documents, the CDE shall organize pharmaceutical,
medical and other technical personnel to examine the application documents, and
may request the applicant to provide supplemental information with explanations.

For an application which meets the requirements, the CDE shall notify the applicant
to apply for on-site production inspection and notify the Certification Committee for
Drugs of NMPA (“CCD”).

The applicant shall, within six months upon receipt of notification of on-site
production inspection, submit the on-site inspection application to the CCD.

The CCD shall, within 30 days upon receipt of the notification of on-site production
inspection, organize on-site inspection of the batch production process of samples
and confirm the feasibility of the approved production process. At the same time, the
CCD shall select one batch of sample (three batches of samples for biological
products) and send them to the drug control institute for standard review inspection.
The institution shall submit the review report to the CDE within ten days after the
on-site inspection.

The Institute for Drug Control shall inspect the selected samples in compliance with
the approved drug standards, and submit the drug registration inspection report to
the CDE within the prescribed time limit, and send copies to the competent
provincial drug administration department and the applicant.

The CDE shall, based on the technical examination, on-site inspection report of
sample production and sample test results, form a comprehensive opinion and
submit it together with the relevant document to the NMPA. The NMPA shall make
decision on approval
If
requirements are satisfied, a certificate of new drug shall be issued. Drug approval
number shall be granted at the same time to enterprises with Manufacturing License
for Drugs and productive conditions.

in accordance with the comprehensive opinions.

Biosimilars Guideline

In February 2015,

the NMPA released the Technical Guideline for

the Research,
Development and Evaluation of Biosimilars (for Trial Implementation) (《生物類似藥研發與
評價技術指導原則(試行)》), or the Biosimilars Guideline, which outlines the regulatory
framework for biosimilars in China. It sets forth the definition of biosimilars and their
reference products, the basic principles for the technical review, the criteria for comparability,
and the conditions under which extrapolations of indications would be permissible. According

– 133 –

