BUSINESS

Quality Control during Production

Pursuant to our internal policy, we perform regular checks during our production process
to monitor and adjust the process to ensure that products are in compliance with relevant
quality criteria. We collect product samples and conduct sample trials to see if the quality
standard is met.

Quality Control for Finished Products

We have established and implemented quality control procedures for products that will
proceed to commercialization in the future. Each batch of finished products will be subject to
a final inspection by the quality control team before we deliver it to customers.

CLINICAL TRIAL MANAGEMENT

The clinical medical function manages design, implementation and reporting of clinical

trials.

We regularly engage qualified CROs, on a contract basis, to provide specific project-
related clinical trial services, such as managing, monitoring and inspecting projects, collecting
clinical
reports and other
application materials for submission to the regulatory authority. We have maintained stable
relationships with the CROs engaged during the Track Record Period.

results, conducting data analysis and preparing clinical

trial

Generally, we enter into specific contracts with CROs for individual projects. The terms
for scope of work, payment, data and intellectual property rights, confidentiality and liability
are defined in the contracts. We oversee these third-party service providers to ensure timely and
high quality deliverables.

Principal

terms of the service agreements with our key CRO service providers are

summarized as follows:

Scope of work. The CRO provides clinical trial services, including, among others, project
management, regulatory support, investigator meeting arrangement, clinical monitoring and
site management, medical and scientific services, clinical data management, biostatistical
services and medical report preparation.

Payment. We are required to pay the CRO specialty service fees, pass-through costs and

other fees and expenses by installments in accordance with the schedule.

Research results and intellectual property rights. All data and information provided by
the CRO to us and intellectual property rights as the result of the services performed by the
CRO under the service agreement belong to us.

– 237 –

