BUSINESS

for

Upon the consent of the other party to an exclusivity request (if any), the parties will work
in good faith to prepare a development plan containing specific development activities to
achieve regulatory approval
the applicable Combination Therapy in the relevant
jurisdiction(s) in the Territory, including a timeline for performing such activities, the protocol
and design of any clinical trial to be conducted under such plan, the allocation of costs and
expenses, including costs and expenses anticipated to be paid to third parties, relating to
development activities, the clinical supplies required for such activities, and the expected
deliverables resulting from development activities. Such development plan shall
then be
submitted for approval by a committee to be set up by the parties.

Commercialization

Pursuant to the Hutchison Agreement, Hutchison shall be solely responsible for providing
commercial supply of Sulfatinib in the market. We shall be solely responsible for providing the
Toripalimab anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody. Following any regulatory approval of
the
Combination Therapy in all human therapeutic uses in the field of oncology in the Territory,
we will collaborate with Hutchison in good faith to discuss, and, in our sole discretion, grant
any reasonable rights required for Hutchison to promote or market the Combination Therapy.

Costs and Expenses

Hutchison shall be solely responsible for all costs and expenses, including costs and
expenses owed to any third parties, in connection with its conduct of development activities
under the development plan relating to the China development plan. We shall be solely
responsible for all costs and expenses, including costs and expenses owed to any third parties,
in connection with our conduct of development activities under the global development plan,
provided that we shall not be responsible for any of Hutchison’s internal expenses incurred in
the conduct of activities. There is no payment or profit sharing arrangement for the Hutchison
Agreement. For further details, please refer to Note 44 to the Accountants’ Report in Appendix
I to this prospectus.

Term

The Hutchison Agreement commenced on October 8, 2018 and will continue in full force
and effect until the completion of all development activities under all subsequent development
plans unless otherwise terminated by the parties.

MANUFACTURING

As of the Latest Practicable Date, we carry out our manufacturing activities at our
Wujiang Production Base. We manufacture our drug candidates for preclinical research,
clinical trials and plan to conduct future commercialization at this facility. We also have a
manufacturing facility, Lingang Production Base under construction in Shanghai, which upon
completion will
for
commercialization.

further enhance our production capacity and satisfy the needs

– 231 –

