APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

(b)

a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

(c)

the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial
difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that
the lender(s) would not otherwise
consider; or

(d)

it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;

Write-off policy

The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe
financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the counterparty has been placed under
liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of accounts receivables, when the amounts are
over two years past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement
activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries
made are recognised in profit or loss.

Measurement and recognition of ECL

The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of
the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given
default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information as described above. As for the exposure
at default, for financial assets, this is represented by the assets’ gross carrying amount at the reporting date.

For financial assets, the ECL is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to
the Group in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the
original effective interest rate.

Where lifetime ECL is measured on a collective basis to cater for cases where evidence of significant increases
in credit risk at the individual instrument level may not yet be available, the financial instruments are grouped on
the following basis:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

Nature of financial instruments (i.e. the Group’s trade and other receivables are each assessed as a
separate group.);

Past-due status;

Nature, size and industry of debtors;

Nature of collaterals for finance lease receivables; and

External credit ratings where available.

The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to share

similar credit risk characteristics.

If the Group has measured the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to lifetime ECL
in the previous reporting period, but determines at the current reporting date that the conditions for lifetime ECL are
no longer met, the Group measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to twelve-month ECL at the current
reporting date.

The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments with a
corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account and does not reduce the carrying
amount of the financial asset in the statement of financial position.

Derecognition of financial assets

The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset
to another party.

– I-27 –

