APPENDIX IV

SUMMARY OF ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

XI. THERE ARE NO PROVISIONS IN THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
PREVENTING OWNERSHIP OF SHARES IN OUR COMPANY BY A
SUBSIDIARY

XII. DIVIDEND AND OTHER METHODS OF DISTRIBUTION

Dividends shall be distributed by our Company in the following forms (or adopt both

forms simultaneously):

1)

2)

Cash;

Share certificate; or

3) Other forms permitted by laws, administrative regulations, department rules and

regulation rules of the listing exchange.

When allocating the after-tax profits of the current year, the Company shall allocate ten
percent of its profit to the statutory common reserve fund. In the event that the accumulated
statutory common reserve fund of our Company has reached more than 50 percent of the
registered capital of our Company, no allocation is needed.

In the event that the statutory common reserve fund of our Company is insufficient to
make up for the losses of our Company on the previous year, before allocating the statutory
common reserve fund in accordance with the stipulations of the previous paragraph,
the
Company shall first make up for the losses by using the profits of the current year.

After allocating the statutory common reserve fund from the after-tax profits of the
Company, our Company can allocate the arbitrary common reserve fund from the profit after
taxation according to the resolution of shareholders’ general meeting.

The outstanding profit after taxation of Company, after covering the losses and making
allocation to the common reserve fund, shall be distributed to the shareholders in accordance
with their proportion of shareholdings.

The general meeting or the Board of Directors of our Company shall not pay any
dividends to the shareholders before our Company has made up its losses and has made
allocation to the statutory reserve fund. The dividends paid in breach of this Article shall be
returned to our Company.

The shares held by Company shall not be involved in the profit distribution.

Where a proposed resolution in relation to the payment of cash dividends, the issue of
bonus shares or the capitalization of capital reserves has been passed at a general meeting,
Company shall implement the specific plans within two months after the conclusion of such
general meeting.

– IV-17 –

