BUSINESS

EMPLOYEES

As at June 30, 2018, we had a total of 354 employees, of whom 345 were located in the
PRC and nine were located in the United States. As at June 30, 2018, 85 held master’s or higher
degrees. The following table shows a breakdown of our employees by function as at June 30,
2018:

Function(1)

Number of Employees

%

31.4
16.9
18.9

32.8

100.0

111
60
67

116

354

R&D
Manufacturing(2)
Quality Control(2)
Management, Administration and

Marketing

Total

Notes:

(1)

(2)

Certain R&D, manufacturing and quality control personnel work for the construction of our Lingang
Production Base, whose remunerations are not expensed but capitalized.

Currently mainly for manufacturing/quality control in relation to our clinical trials as we have not
commercialized any drug candidate yet.

We believe our success depends heavily upon our employees’ provision of consistent,
quality and reliable services. We recruit our employees based on a number of factors, including
their work experience, educational background and the needs of our vacancies. In order to
maintain the quality, knowledge and skill levels of our workforce, we provide our employees
with regular training, including induction for new employees and technical training.

We enter into individual employment contracts with our employees to cover matters such
as wages, benefits, and grounds for termination. We generally formulate our employees’
remuneration package to include salary, bonus and allowance elements. Our compensation
programs are designed to remunerate our employees based on their performance. We also
provide our employees with welfare benefits in accordance with applicable regulations and our
internal policies, including medical care, housing subsidies, unemployment insurance, pension,
occupational injury insurance and other miscellaneous benefits.

We believe our remuneration and other incentives, working environment and employee

development opportunities for our employees have contributed to good employee relations.

We did not experience any strikes or significant labor disputes which have had or are
likely to have a material and adverse effect on our business operation during the Track Record
Period.

– 244 –

