RISK FACTORS

Facts, forecasts and statistics in this prospectus relating to the PRC economy and
healthcare industry may not be fully reliable.

Facts, forecasts and statistics in this prospectus relating to the PRC, the PRC economy
and healthcare industry in China are obtained from various sources including official
government publications that we believe are reliable. However, we cannot guarantee the
quality or reliability of these sources. Neither we, the Joint Global Coordinators nor our or their
respective affiliates or advisers have verified the facts, forecasts and statistics nor ascertained
the underlying economic assumptions relied upon in those facts, forecasts and statistics
obtained from these sources. Due to possibly flawed or ineffective collection methods or
discrepancies between published information and market practice and other problems, the
statistics in this prospectus relating to the PRC economy and the healthcare industry in China
may be inaccurate or may not be comparable to statistics produced for other economies and
should not be unduly relied upon. As such, no representation as to the accuracy of such facts,
forecasts and statistics obtained from various sources is made. Moreover, these facts, forecasts
and statistics involve risk and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors
and should not be unduly relied upon. Further, there can be no assurance that they are stated
or compiled on the same basis or with the same degree of accuracy, as may be the case in other
countries.

Certain statistics contained in this prospectus are derived from third-party reports and
publicly available official sources and they may not be reliable.

Certain statistics contained in this prospectus including those relating to the clinical data
results of our Core Product and our other drug candidates have been derived from various
official government publications or other third-party reports. Further, certain clinical results of
competing drugs from other companies included in this prospectus are derived from publicly
available historical data from various studies rather than head-to-head comparisons. They are
not directly comparable to our clinical results given the different stages of clinical trials and
number of evaluated patients. In particular, certain clinical results of MNC competing drugs are
derived from their respective drug labelling filed with FDA and the relevant clinical trials may
differ significantly from our clinical
trials conducted in the PRC in terms of applicable
regulations, the clinical trial sites involved and the composition of patients enrolled. We have
taken reasonable care in the reproduction or extraction of the official government publications
or other third-party reports for the purpose of disclosure in this prospectus; however, we cannot
guarantee the quality or reliability of such source materials. They have not been prepared or
independently verified by us, the Sole Sponsor or any of their respective affiliates or advisors
and, therefore, we make no representation as to the accuracy of such statistics, which may not
be consistent with other information compiled within or outside the PRC. Due to possibly
flawed or ineffective collection methods or discrepancies between published information and
market practice, such statistics in this prospectus may be inaccurate or may not be comparable
to statistics produced with respect to other economies. Further. there is no assurance that they
are stated or compiled on the same basis or with the same degree of accuracy as the case may
be in other jurisdictions. In all cases, investors should give consideration as to how much
weight or importance they should attach or place on such facts.

– 91 –

