RISK FACTORS

Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our drug candidates
will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage our recent growth and any future
growth, and our management may also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention
away from day-to-day activities in order to devote a substantial amount of time to managing
these growth activities.

If we are not able to effectively manage our growth and further expand our organization
by hiring new employees and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors as needed,
we may not be able to successfully implement the tasks necessary to further develop and
commercialize our drug candidates and, accordingly, may not achieve our
research,
development and commercialization goals.

Delays in completing, and receiving regulatory approvals for, our manufacturing facilities
could delay our development plans and thereby limit our revenues and growth.

We currently carry out our manufacturing for preclinical and clinical trial purposes at our
Wujiang Production Base, which has obtained the drug production license. We are carrying out
an upgrade of Wujiang Production Base. Our other manufacturing base, Lingang Production
Base, is under construction. Our upgrade of Wujiang Production Base and construction of
Lingang Production Base are subject to potential cost overruns and delays in the progress due
to a number of factors such as accidents, change of design and delay in obtaining necessary
regulatory approvals. In such cases, we may not be able to manufacture sufficient quantities of
our drug candidates for preclinical, clinical or commercialization purposes, which would limit
our development activities and our opportunities for growth.

Our manufacturing facilities will be subject to ongoing and periodic inspection by the
NMPA, FDA or other comparable regulatory agencies to ensure compliance with GMP or
cGMP standards, as applicable. We may not supply adequate and clinical-grade materials that
meet NMPA, FDA or other comparable regulatory agency standards or may suffer from
shortages of qualified personnel, raw materials or key contractors. Our failure to follow and
document our adherence to such standards or other regulatory requirements may lead to
significant delays in the availability of drug candidates for preclinical research, clinical trials
and future commercialization, which may further result in the termination of or a hold on a
clinical trial, or may delay or prevent our drug candidates from obtaining approvals for clinical
trials or commercialization.

Failure to comply with applicable regulations could also result in sanctions being imposed
on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, a requirement to suspend one or more of our
clinical
trials, failure of regulatory authorities to grant marketing approval of our drug
candidates, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or
recalls of drug candidates, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could
harm our business. In addition, developing advanced manufacturing techniques and process
controls is required to fully utilize our facilities. Advances in manufacturing techniques may
render our facilities and equipment inadequate or obsolete, which may in turn have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

– 76 –

