APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL LEGAL AND
REGULATORY PROVISIONS

Reduction of Share Capital

A company may reduce its registered capital in accordance with the following procedures

prescribed by the PRC Company Law:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

it shall prepare a balance sheet and a property list;

the reduction of registered capital shall be approved by a shareholders’ general
meeting;

it shall notify its creditors within ten days after the resolution on the reduction of the
registered capital is made, and publish an announcement in newspapers within 30
days.

the creditors may, within 30 days after receiving the notice, or within 45 days of the
public announcement if no notice has been received, require the company to pay its
debts or provide guarantees covering the debts; and

it shall apply to the relevant company registration administration for the registration
of the reduction in registered capital.

Transfer of Shares

Shares held by shareholders may be transferred in accordance with the relevant laws and

regulations.

Transfer of shares by shareholders shall be carried out at a legally established securities
exchange or in other ways stipulated by the State Council. Registered stocks shall be
transferred through endorsement by the relevant shareholder or by any other means specified
in laws or administrative regulations. The transfer of bearer stocks shall become valid upon the
delivery of the said stocks to the transferee by the relevant shareholder.

Shares held by a promoter may not be transferred within one year after the company’s
establishment. Shares of the company issued before the public issue of shares shall not be
transferred within one year from the date of the company’s listing on a stock exchange.
Directors, supervisors and the senior management of a company shall declare to the company
their shareholdings in the company and any changes in such shareholdings. During each year
of their term of office, they shall transfer no more than 25% of the shares they hold in the
company. They shall not transfer the shares they hold within one year from the date of the
company’s listing on a stock exchange, nor within six months after they have resigned from
their positions with the company. The articles of association may specify other restrictions in
respect of the transfer of shares in the company held by the directors, supervisors and the senior
management of the company.

– III-7 –

