BUSINESS

WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ULTIMATELY DEVELOP AND MARKET JS001
SUCCESSFULLY.

Regulatory Progress and Next Steps

We obtained IND approval from the NMPA for JS001 in December 2015, being the first
PRC company to receive IND approval for an anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody. Pursuant to such
IND approval, JS001 was admitted to a fast-track review, meaning NDA may be granted based
on the completion of a Phase II clinical trial and subject to Phase III clinical trial being carried
out subsequently.

Since our obtaining IND for JS001, communication with the NMPA mainly included the

following:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

In March 2017, we held a roundtable meeting with the NMPA before initiating the
pivotal clinical trial for JS001 and had an in-depth discussion on whether the pivotal
clinical trial protocols and safety profile of JS001 for malignant melanoma and
certain other indications were acceptable for NDA filing.

In January 2018, the NMPA held a seminar on the application material requirements
of anti-PD-1/PD-L1 monoclonal antibody, where the participants discussed the
issues arising during the R&D of anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody and decided on the
requirements of application material for such product.

We also had a pre-NDA meeting with the NMPA in January 2018, pursuant to which
JS001 was allowed to file an NDA based on its pivotal clinical trial for malignant
melanoma.

In addition, we consulted the NMPA on the Phase III clinical trial protocols of JS001
for certain other indications.

Our NDA application for JS001 was accepted by the NMPA in March 2018. We were the
first PRC company to file NDA for an anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody. Due to the significant
clinical values and advantages of JS001 in treating malignant melanoma, the NMPA designated
JS001 for Priority Review in April 2018.

According to standard procedures, the NMPA’s review process of an NDA application
comprises the following steps: (i) preliminary review by the NMPA, upon the completion of
which the application will be referred to the CDE under the NMPA for technical review; (ii)
technical
review by the CDE including on the pharmacology and toxicology, clinical,
pharmaceutical and statistical aspects of the application, which also involves clinical site
inspection and manufacturing site inspection, upon the completion of which the application
will be referred back to the NMPA for administrative approval; and (iii) administrative
approval by the NMPA. On December 1, 2018, our NDA application for JS001 completed the
technical review by the CDE and was referred by the CDE to the NMPA for administrative

– 205 –

