RISK FACTORS

regulatory agencies. In particular, because these laws, rules and regulations are relatively new,
and because of the limited number of published decisions and the nonbinding nature of such
decisions, and because the laws, rules and regulations often give the relevant regulator
significant discretion in how to enforce them, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws,
rules and regulations involve uncertainties and can be inconsistent and unpredictable. In
addition, the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules, some
of which are not published on a timely basis or at all, and which may have a retroactive effect.
As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until after the
occurrence of the violation.

and court

authorities have

Any administrative and court proceedings in China may be protracted, resulting in
resources and management attention. Since PRC
substantial costs and diversion of
significant discretion in interpreting and
administrative
implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be more difficult to evaluate the outcome
of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy than in more
developed legal systems. These uncertainties may impede our ability to enforce the contracts
we have entered into and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations.

Investors of our H Shares may become subject to PRC income tax.

to different

Under current PRC tax laws, regulations and rules, non-PRC resident individuals and
to the
non-PRC resident enterprises are subject
dividends paid to them by us or the gains realized upon the sale or other disposition of H
Shares. In general, non-PRC resident individuals are required to pay PRC individual income
tax at a 20% rate under China’s Individual Income Tax Law. We are required to withhold such
tax from dividend payments, unless applicable tax treaties between the PRC and the
jurisdictions in which the foreign individuals reside reduce or provide an exemption for the
relevant tax obligations.

tax obligations with respect

For non-PRC resident enterprises that do not have establishments or premises in China,
or have establishments or premises in China but
related to such
establishments or premises, under the EIT Law, dividends paid by us and the gains realized by
such foreign enterprises upon the sale or other disposition of H Shares are ordinarily subject
to PRC enterprise income tax at a 10% rate subject to a further reduction under a special
arrangement or applicable treaty between the PRC and the jurisdiction of the residence of the
relevant non-PRC resident enterprise.

income is not

their

There remains uncertainty as to the interpretation and application of the relevant PRC tax
laws by the PRC tax authorities, including the taxation of capital gains by non-PRC resident
enterprises, and individual income tax on gains realized on the sale or other disposition of H
Shares. The PRC tax laws, rules and regulations may also change. If there is any change to
applicable tax laws and interpretation or application with respect to such laws, the value of
your investment in our H Shares may be materially affected.

– 87 –

