DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

others, R&D in biopharmaceutical technology and diagnostic technology, medical research and
tests. As confirmed by Dr. Chen, Dayou Huaxia is engaged in development of new antibody
drug candidates and immunotherapy in practice, and it is currently at an early stage of R&D,
and as of the Latest Practicable Date, it had not registered or applied for registration of any
patents, and there is currently no overlap between our biologic drug candidates and those of
Dayou Huaxia. Our Company is of the view that since Dayou Huaxia is only at an early stage
of R&D and with reference to the progress our Group has already achieved, there is no actual
competition between us and Dayou Huaxia, notwithstanding that
there may be potential
competition in the future if Dayou Huaxia achieves any significant advancement in their R&D.
Our Company will disclose any significant change or progress of Dayou Huaxia which may
render it in competition with our Company in our annual report during the tenure of Dr. Chen
as an independent non-executive Director.

Our Directors are of the view that our Company is capable of carrying on its business
independently of Fuzhou Tuoxin and Dayou Huaxia. We have not transacted (and do not intend
in near future to transact) with Fuzhou Tuoxin or Dayou Huaxin and we do not rely on any
intellectual property or technology owned by Dr. Chen, Fuzhou Tuoxin and Dayou Huaxia;
Fuzhou Tuoxin and Dayou Huaxia are at relatively early stage of R&D, and except for Dr. Chen
(who is one of our five independent non-executive Directors and is not involved in our daily
operations), there is no overlap between our management and those of Fuzhou Tuoxin and
Dayou Huaxin. There are adequate corporate governance measures in place to monitor and
manage the potential conflict of interests between our Directors and our Group, to maintain
confidentiality of our Group’s intellectual properties and information, and to safeguard the
interests of our Shareholders taken as a whole. We believe that with the corporate measures in
place, in particular, those in relation to address potential conflict and competition and to
reinforce the confidentiality obligations, we could benefit from the vision and expertise of Dr.
Chen. As an independent non-executive Director, Dr. Chen is also fully aware of his duties to
our Company and the Shareholders. Please also refer to “– Corporate Governance” below. Our
Company will review the competing or potentially competing interests of Dr. Chen from time
to time.

Dr. Chen obtained his M.D. degree from Fujian Medical University, Fuzhou, the PRC in
1982, M.S. degree from Peking Union Medical College, Beijing, the PRC in 1986 and Ph.D.
degree from Drexel University College of Medicine, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the United
States in 1989. Dr. Chen has received several awards and professional recognitions including
William B. Coley Award (2014) of Cancer Research Institute, AAI-Steinman Award of
American Association of Immunologists (2016), Warren Alpert Foundation Prize (2017) and
Luminary Award of World Affairs Council of Connecticut (2018). Dr. Chen is not and has not
been a director of any other listed companies in Hong Kong or overseas in the past three years.

Dr. He Jia (何佳), aged 64, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on
June 24, 2018. Dr. He has over 20 years of experience in the finance and education industry.
Dr. He was an associate professor (life tenure) of the University of Houston from September
1996, a professor of the Department of Finance of the Chinese University of Hong Kong from
August 1997 to August 2014, a member of the Strategy and Development Committee of the

– 267 –

