APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL LEGAL AND
REGULATORY PROVISIONS

Under the Arbitration Law and the PRC Civil Procedure Law, an arbitral award is final
and binding on the parties. If a party fails to comply with an award, the other party to the award
may apply to the people’s court for enforcement. A people’s court may refuse to enforce an
arbitral award made by an arbitration commission if there is any procedural or membership
irregularity specified by law or the award exceeds the scope of the arbitration agreement or is
outside the jurisdiction of the arbitration commission.

A party seeking to enforce an arbitral award by a PRC arbitration panel against a party
who, or whose property, is not within the PRC may apply to a foreign court with jurisdiction
over the case for enforcement. Similarly, an arbitral award made by a foreign arbitration body
may be recognised and enforced by the PRC courts in accordance with the principles of
reciprocity or any international treaty concluded or acceded to by the PRC. The PRC has
acceded to the Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards
(《承認及執行外國仲裁裁決公約》). The New York
(the
Convention provides that all arbitral awards made in a state which is a party to the New York
Convention shall be recognised and enforced by other parties to the New York Convention,
subject to their right to refuse enforcement under certain circumstances, including where the
enforcement of the arbitral award is against the public policy of the state to which the request
for enforcement is made.

“New York Convention”)

It was declared by the Standing Committee simultaneously with the accession of the PRC
that (i) the PRC will only recognise and enforce foreign arbitral awards on the principle of
reciprocity and (ii) the PRC will only apply the New York Convention in disputes considered
under PRC laws to arise from contractual and non-contractual mercantile legal relations. Hong
Kong and the PRC have an arrangement of mutual enforcement of arbitral awards. Under the
arrangement, the Courts of Hong Kong agree to enforce the awards made pursuant to the
Arbitration Law of the PRC by the arbitral authorities in the PRC. The People’s Court of the
PRC agree to enforce the awards made in Hong Kong pursuant to the Arbitration Ordinance of
Hong Kong.

SUMMARY OF MATERIAL DIFFERENCES BETWEEN HONG KONG AND PRC
COMPANY LAW

Hong Kong company law is primarily set out in the Companies Ordinance and the
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance, supplemented by common
law and rules of equity that apply to Hong Kong. As a joint stock limited company incorporated
in the PRC that is seeking a listing of shares on the Stock Exchange, we are governed by the
PRC Company Law and all other rules and regulations promulgated pursuant to the PRC
Company Law. Set out below is a summary of certain material differences between Hong Kong
company law and the PRC Company Law. This summary is, however, not intended to be an
exhaustive comparison. It should also be noted that the summary relates only to joint stock
limited companies incorporated under the Company Law and that
the summary and the
information in it is current only as at the date of this prospectus.

– III-19 –

