RISK FACTORS

If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities
and may be required to limit commercialization of our drug candidates.

We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the clinical trials of our drug
candidates and will face an even greater risk if we commercialize any drugs. For example, we
may be sued if our drug candidates cause or are perceived to cause injury or are found to be
otherwise unsuitable during clinical
testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such
product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design,
a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the drug, negligence, strict liability or a breach of
warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot
successfully defend ourselves against product
liability claims, we may incur substantial
liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our drug candidates.

Even successful defenses would require significant financial and management resources.
Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in decreased demand
for our drugs, injury to our reputation, withdrawal of clinical trial participants and inability to
continue clinical trials, initiation of investigations by regulators, costs to defend the related
litigation, a diversion of management’s time and our resources, substantial monetary awards to
trial participants or patients, product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional
restrictions, loss of revenue, exhaustion of any available insurance and our capital resources
and the inability to commercialize any drug candidate.

Our inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to
protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization
of drugs we develop, alone or with collaborators. We intend to obtain our insurance coverage
for products to include the sale of commercial products if we obtain marketing approval for our
drug candidates in development, but we may be unable to obtain commercially reasonable
product liability insurance for any products approved for marketing. Such insurance policies
may also have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which
we have no coverage. We may have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in
a settlement that exceed such coverage limitations or that are not covered by such insurance,
and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such amounts. Even if our
agreements with any future corporate collaborators entitle us to indemnification against losses,
such indemnification may not be available or adequate should any claim arise.

We have limited insurance coverage, and any claims beyond our insurance coverage may
result in our incurring substantial costs and a diversion of resources.

We maintain property insurance policies covering physical damage to, or loss of
automobiles. We hold employer’s liability insurance generally covering death or work-related
injury of employees. We do not maintain other insurance on our assets, key-man life insurance
on any of our senior management or key personnel, or business interruption insurance. As we
have not commenced commercial sales of drug products, we have not insured against product
liability. Our insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover any claim for damage to our

– 78 –

