RISK FACTORS

Our CROs have the right to terminate their agreements with us in the event of an uncured
material breach. In addition, some of our CROs have an ability to terminate their respective
agreements with us if it can be reasonably demonstrated that
the safety of the subjects
participating in our clinical trials warrants such termination, if we make a general assignment
for the benefit of our creditors or if we are liquidated.

If any of our relationships with these third-party CROs terminates, we may not be able
to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs or to do so on commercially reasonable
terms. In addition, our CROs are not our employees, and except for remedies available to us
under our agreements with such CROs, we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient
time and resources to our ongoing clinical, non-clinical and preclinical programs. If CROs do
not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if
they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is
compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols, regulatory requirements or
for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not
be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our drug candidates.
As a result, our results of operations and the commercial prospects for our drug candidates
would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues could be
delayed.

Switching or adding additional CROs involves additional cost and requires our
management’s time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new CRO
commences work. As a result, delays occur, which can materially influence our ability to meet
our desired clinical development timelines. Though we carefully manage our relationships with
our CROs, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter similar challenges or delays
in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and prospects.

Our internal computer systems, or those used by our CROs or other contractors, may fail
or suffer security breaches.

Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and
those of our future CROs and other contractors are vulnerable to damage from computer
viruses and unauthorized access. Although to our knowledge we have not experienced any such
material system failure or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause
interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our development
programs and our business operations. For example,
trial data from
completed or future clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and
significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. Likewise, we partially rely on
our third-party research institution collaborators for R&D of our drug candidates and to
conduct clinical trials, and similar events relating to their computer systems could also have a
material adverse effect on our business. To the extent that any disruption or security breach
were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure
of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the further development
and commercialization of our drug candidates could be delayed.

the loss of clinical

– 82 –

