RELATIONSHIP WITH OUR SINGLE LARGEST SHAREHOLDER

Medicine. As confirmed by Mr. Xiong Jun, save for the above investment, Jiangsu
Tianren has not conducted any substantive business as of the Latest Practicable
Date, and there is no foreseeable plan for Jiangsu Tianren to engage or invest in
biologics business in the near future.

Our Group is a biotech company operating in the biologics market and dedicated to
the discovery and development of innovative drugs while Jiangsu Tianren is an
investment company targeting at traditional Chinese medicine R&D. As such, the
business focus, key technology and product nature of Jiangsu Tianren are different
from those of our Group and our Directors are of the view that
there is no
overlapping or competition in the principal business.

(ii) Management: Mr. Xiong Jun only undertakes the role of a supervisor of Jiangsu
Tianren and is not
involved in Jiangsu Tianren’s daily management. The
management of Jiangsu Tianren is handled by an Independent Third Party who is not
a member of our Board or senior management. There is no other overlapping of
management roles of our Directors, Supervisors and senior management with those
of Jiangsu Tianren.

Based on the above, our Directors do not expect any overlap or competition between the
businesses and management of our Group and Jiangsu Tianren in any material respect after
Listing.

As of the Latest Practicable Date, apart from our Group’s business, Mr. Xiong Jun and Mr.
Xiong Fengxiang were not engaged, and did not have any interest, in any business which,
competes or is likely to compete either directly or indirectly, with our business and which
requires disclosure under Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules. Save as disclosed in the section
headed “Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” in this prospectus, none of our
Directors had an interest in any business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly
or indirectly, with our business and which requires disclosure under Rule 8.10 of the Listing
Rules.

Corporate Governance Measures

Our Directors believe that there are adequate corporate governance measures in place to
manage the potential conflict of interests between Mr. Xiong Jun, Mr. Xiong Fengxiang and our
Group and to safeguard the interests of our Shareholders taken as a whole for the following
reasons:

(cid:129)

each of Mr. Xiong Jun and Mr. Xiong Fengxiang has undertaken that he would not
and would procure that his controlled corporations would not, directly or indirectly,
engage in any business which are or may potentially be in competition with the
business carried on or contemplated to be carried on by our Company or any
members of our Group as disclosed in the paragraph headed “– NEEQ Non-
Competition Undertaking” below;

– 250 –

