DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

antibody and application and humanized monoclonal antibody stabilizer. He has published a
number of science research articles. Mr. Liu is not and has not been a director of any other
listed companies in Hong Kong or overseas in the past three years.

Ms. Wang Ping Ping (王萍萍), aged 36, joined our Group and was appointed as a
Supervisor on June 24, 2018. Since October 2008, Ms. Wang has been a full-time teacher at the
College of Economics and Management of the Shanghai University of Electric Power. Ms.
Wang obtained her master’s degree in statistics from Shanghai University of Finance and
Economics, the PRC in January 2006 and was awarded the college teacher qualification by the
Shanghai Municipal Education Commission in September 2006. Ms. Wang is not and has not
been a director of any other listed companies in Hong Kong or overseas in the past three years.

Mr. Yan Jiawei (嚴佳煒), aged 33, joined our Group and was appointed as a Supervisor
on June 24, 2018. Mr. Yan’s experience includes: from November 2010 to November 2012, he
was a securities analyst at Guotai Junan Securities Co., Ltd.; since August 2014, he has been
a securities analyst at the development research centre of GF Securities Co., Ltd. Mr. Yan
obtained his bachelor’s degree in information and computing science from Fudan University,
the PRC in July 2007 and his master’s degree in applied mathematics from the Fudan
University, the PRC in June 2010. Mr. Yan is not and has not been a director of any other listed
companies in Hong Kong or overseas in the past three years.

Mr. Wu Yu (鄔煜), aged 33, joined our Group and was appointed as a Supervisor on June
24, 2018. Mr. Wu’s experience includes: from November 2011 to October 2013, he was the
analyst at Sinolink Securities Research Centre; from January 2016 to April 2017, he worked at
Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.; since October 2017, he has been the investment director at
Shanghai Guoyin Asset Management Centre (LP)* (上海國殷資產管理中心(有限合夥)). Mr.
Wu obtained his bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering and automation from Shanghai Jiao
Tong University, the PRC in July 2008 and his master’s degree in computational mathematics
from Shanghai Jiao Tong University, the PRC in January 2011. Mr. Wu is not and has not been
a director of any other listed companies in Hong Kong or overseas in the past three years.

SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Our senior management is responsible for the day-to-day management of our business.
The table below sets out certain information in respect of the senior management of our Group.

Name

Position

Age

Time of joining
our Group

Roles and responsibilities

Dr. Li Ning

(李寧)

General

manager

57

January 2018

Responsible for formulating

business strategies and managing
operations of our Group,
overseeing our regulatory and
commercial suitability and
sustainability and advising issues
on remuneration and strategies

– 272 –

