DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Qian Zhi (錢智), aged 50, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director
on June 24, 2018. Mr. Qian previously worked at Jiangsu Law School, Nanjing Xiemanlin Law
Firm and Jiangsu Weishide Law Firm; since March 2006, he has been a lawyer and is currently
a partner at Jiangsu Gowin Law Firm.

Mr. Qian obtained his bachelor of laws degree from Fudan University, the PRC in July
1989 and his master of laws degree from Nanjing University, the PRC in December 2004. Mr.
Qian was also awarded “grade one lawyer” (一級律師) by the Jiangsu Municipal Human
Resources and Social Security Bureau in November 2015. Mr. Qian has been an arbitrator
under the Nanjing Arbitration Committee since September 2017 and was employed as a legal
consultant of the Nanjing People’s Government in December 2017. Mr. Qian is not and has not
been a director of any other listed companies in Hong Kong or overseas in the past three years.

(UT-MDACC)

Dr. Roy Steven Herbst, aged 55, was appointed as an independent non-executive
Director on June 24, 2018. Dr. Herbst’s experiences include: he was a Clinical Fellow from
July 1991 to June 1994 at Harvard Medical School; he held various positions at the University
of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center
including the Barnhart Family
Distinguished Professor of Targeted Therapy, Professor of Cancer Biology, and the Chief of
Section of Thoracic Medical Oncology at the Department of Thoracic/Head and Neck Medical
Oncology; since March 2011, he has held various positions at Yale University, including
Ensign Professor of Medicine (Medical Oncology), Professor of Pharmacology, Professor of
Medicine, Chief of Medical Oncology at Yale Cancer Center, leader of the Clinical Research
Program in Phase I Cancers at Smilow Cancer Hospital, Associate Director for Translational
Research at the Yale Cancer Center and leader of Disease Aligned Research Team in the
Thoracic Oncology Program at the Yale Cancer Center.

Dr. Herbst obtained his M.S. degree from Yale University, the United States in June 1984,
his Ph.D. in Molecular Cell Biology from The Rockefeller University, the United States in June
1990, his M.D. degree in Medicine from Cornell University Medical College, the United States
in May 1991, his M.S. degree from Harvard University, the United States in November 1997
and an Honorary M.A. degree from Yale University in December 2012. Dr. Herbst is not and
has not been a director of any other listed companies in Hong Kong or overseas in the past three
years.

– 270 –

