BUSINESS

We believe that the following four technical platforms are critically important to the R&D

of protein drugs:

1.

2.

3.

4.

Automated high-efficiency screening platform for antibody selection and functional
assays, which enables us to obtain the specific and high-affinity targeted monoclonal
antibodies recognizing multiple genera (human, monkey, mouse) antigens with
desired physiochemical properties. This platform greatly broadens the initial range
of clinical drug candidate screening, helps us find the optimal candidates, and
provides us with a basis for our R&D of innovative monoclonal antibodies and
functional screening in vitro and in vivo.

identify

functionally

important

systemically

Human transmembrane receptor protein array and high-throughput screening
platform encompasses close to 5,000 human cell membrane proteins. We utilize this
system to
protein-to-protein
interactions on cell surface and examine antibody binding on the cell surface. We
utilize the Operetta High-Content Imaging System from Perkin Elmer, Inc., which
yields a high signal-to-noise ratio and allows us to perform high-throughput
screening using 384-or 1536-well microplate. High expression of individual protein
on cell surface by transient
transfection also greatly increases the avidity of
ligand-receptor interactions. Combining increased avidity and a highly-sensitive
detection system, our transmembrane receptor array system enables us to identify
even weak receptor-ligand interactions. We utilize the membrane receptor protein
array high throughput screening platform to continuously expand the monoclonal
antibody product line for cell surface receptors and soluble proteins.

High-yielding stable expression cell lines screening and establishment platform
based on the internationally leading GS Expression System from Lonza, which
enables us to complete the establishment of high expression cell
lines with
significantly faster speed and higher yielding than using the traditional DHFR
technology.

Antibody quality research, control and assurance platform covering the quality
assurance regarding suppliers, inputs, process, outputs and customers, including our
PAT system comprised of GMP quality control management, cell culture, separation
and purification of biopharmaceutics and lyophilization and packaging of biologics
to ensure our compliance with GMP standards, so that our drugs could meet the
clinical use and marketing approval
requirements of various drug regulatory
authorities in the world such as the NMPA, FDA and EMA.

– 223 –

