RISK FACTORS

Further, combination therapy involves unique AEs that could be exacerbated compared to
AEs from monotherapies. These types of AEs could be caused by our drug candidates and could
also cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result
in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval. Results of our trials
could reveal a high and unacceptable severity or prevalence of AEs. Any of these events could
prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular drug candidate,
if approved, and could significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects.

We may fail to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements or continued regulatory
reviews after the commercial launch of our products, which may result in significant
additional expenses, penalties and other negative consequences.

for manufacturing,

labeling, packaging,

If our drug candidates are approved,

to ongoing regulatory
requirements
storage, advertising, promotion,
sampling, record-keeping, conduct of post-market studies, and submission of safety, efficacy,
and other post-market information, including requirements in the PRC, the United States and
other comparable regulatory authorities.

they may be subject

Manufacturers and manufacturers’ facilities are required to comply with extensive
NMPA, FDA and comparable regulatory authority requirements,
including, ensuring that
quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to GMP and applicable regulations. As
such, we and our contract manufacturers may be subject to continual reviews and inspections
to assess compliance with GMP and adherence to commitments made in any NDA or BLA,
other marketing application, and previous responses to inspection observations. Accordingly,
we and others with whom we work are expected to expend time, money and effort in all areas
of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production and quality control.

Any regulatory approvals that we receive for our drug candidates may be subject to
limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the drug may be marketed or to the
conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-market testing,
including Phase 4 clinical trials and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the drug
candidate. In addition, if the NMPA, FDA, or a comparable regulatory authority approves our
drug candidates, we may have to comply with requirements including,
for example,
submissions of safety and other post-market information and reports, registration, as well as
continued compliance with GMP, for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval.

Drugs may be promoted only for their approved indications and for use in accordance
with the provisions of the approved label. The NMPA, FDA, and other regulatory authorities
enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company
that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability.
The policies of the NMPA, FDA, and of other regulatory authorities may change and additional
government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval
of our drug candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government

– 61 –

