HOW TO APPLY FOR HONG KONG OFFER SHARES

5.

APPLYING THROUGH HK EIPO WHITE FORM SERVICE

General

Individuals who meet the criteria in the paragraph headed “2. Who can apply” in this
section, may apply through the HK eIPO White Form service for the Hong Kong Offer Shares
to be allotted and registered in their own names through the designated website at
www.hkeipo.hk.

Detailed instructions for application through the HK eIPO White Form service are on
the designated website. If you do not follow the instructions, your application may be rejected
and may not be submitted to the Company. If you apply through the designated website, you
authorize the HK eIPO White Form service to apply on the terms and conditions in this
prospectus, as supplemented and amended by the terms and conditions of the HK eIPO White
Form service.

Time for Submitting Applications under the HK eIPO White Form

You may submit your application to the HK eIPO White Form Service Provider at
www.hkeipo.hk (24 hours daily, except on the last application day) from 9:00 a.m. on Tuesday,
December 11, 2018, until 11:30 a.m. on Friday, December 14, 2018, and the latest time for
completing full payment of application monies in respect of such applications will be 12:00
noon on Friday, December 14, 2018, or such later time under the paragraph headed “10. Effect
of Bad Weather on the Opening of the Applications Lists” below in this section.

No Multiple Applications

If you apply by means of HK eIPO White Form, once you complete payment in respect
of any electronic application instruction given by you or for your benefit through the HK
eIPO White Form service to make an application for Hong Kong Offer Shares, an actual
application shall be deemed to have been made. For the avoidance of doubt, giving an
electronic application instruction under HK eIPO White Form more than once and
obtaining different payment reference numbers without effecting full payment in respect of a
particular reference number will not constitute an actual application.

If you are suspected of submitting more than one application through the HK eIPO White

Form service or by any other means, all of your applications are liable to be rejected.

Section 40 of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance

For the avoidance of doubt, the Company and all other parties involved in the preparation
of this prospectus acknowledge that each applicant who gives or causes to give electronic
application instructions is a person who may be entitled to compensation under Section 40 of
the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (as applied by Section
342E of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance).

– 371 –

