APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

The Group accounts for the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses relating to its interest in a joint operation

in accordance with the IFRSs applicable to the particular assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.

When a group entity transacts with a joint operation in which a group entity is a joint operator (such as a sale
or contribution of assets), the Group is considered to be conducting the transaction with the other parties to the joint
operation, and gains and losses resulting from the transactions are recognised in the Group’s consolidated financial
statements only to the extent of other parties’ interests in the joint operation.

When a group entity transacts with a joint operation in which a group entity is a joint operator (such as a
purchase of assets), the Group does not recognise its share of the gains and losses until it resells those assets to a
third party.

Investments in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries are included in the statement of financial position at cost less any identified

impairment losses.

Revenue

Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified in a contract with a customer and excludes amounts
collected on behalf of third parties. The Group recognises revenue when it transfers control of a product or service
to a customer.

The Group recognises revenue from the following major sources:

(a)

Sales of goods

Revenue is recognised when control of the goods has been transferred, being when the goods have been
delivered to the customer’s specific location. A receivable is recognised by the Group when the goods are
delivered to the customer as this represents the point in time at which the right to consideration becomes
unconditional, as only the passage of time is required before payment is due. A contract liability represents the
Group’s obligation to transfer goods to a customer for which the Group has received consideration from the
customer.

(b)

Consultancy service fee income

The Group primarily earns revenues by providing consulting and researching services to its customers
through fee-for-service contracts. Contracts duration ranges from a few weeks to months. A contract asset
represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for services that the Group has transferred to a
customer that is not yet unconditional. Upfront payments received by the Group is initially recognised as a
contract liability.

Revenue is recognised at a point of time when performance obligation is completed and has a present

right to payment for the services performed.

The Group incurs costs to fulfil a contract in its consulting services. The Group first assesses whether these
costs qualify for recognition as an asset in terms of other relevant standards, failing which it recognises an asset for
these costs only if they meet all of the following criteria:

(a)

(b)

the costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the Group can specifically
identify;

the costs generate or enhance resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing
to satisfy) performance obligations in the future; and

(c)

the costs are expected to be recovered.

The asset so recognised is subsequently amortised to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is consistent with
the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the assets relate. The asset is subject to impairment
review.

– I-18 –

