SHARE CAPITAL

SHARES OF OUR COMPANY

Upon completion of the Global Offering, our Company will have two classes of Shares,
namely Domestic Shares and H Shares, both of which are ordinary Shares in our share capital.
However, the H Shares generally may not be subscribed for by, or traded between, legal or
natural persons of the PRC, other than certain qualified domestic institutional investors in the
PRC, qualified PRC investors under
the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and the
Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, and other persons who are entitled to hold the H Shares
pursuant to relevant PRC laws and regulations or upon approval by any competent authorities.

The rights conferred on any class of Shareholders may not be varied or abrogated unless
approved by a special resolution of the Shareholders at a Shareholders’ general meeting and by
holders of such class of Shares at a separate Shareholders’ general meeting. The circumstances
which shall be deemed to be a variation or abrogation of the rights of a class of Shareholders
are listed in “Appendix IV – Summary of Articles of Association” of this prospectus. However,
the procedures for approval by separate classes of Shareholders do not apply where: (i) our
Company issues Shares representing no more than 20% of each of the existing issued Domestic
Shares and H Shares upon approval by a special
the Shareholders at a
Shareholders’ general meeting, either separately or concurrently once every 12 months; (ii) our
Company’s plan to issue Domestic Shares and H Shares at the time of our incorporation is
completed within 15 months from the date of approval by the securities regulatory authorities
of the State Council; or (iii) our Company converts our unlisted Shares into overseas listed
Shares upon the approval by the securities regulatory authorities of the State Council.

resolution of

RANKING

Pursuant

to the Articles of Association,

the Domestic Shares and the H Shares are
categorized as different classes of Shares. Their differences and the provisions on class rights,
the dispatch of notices and financial reports to Shareholders, dispute resolution, registration of
Shares on different registers of members, the method of share transfer and appointment of
dividend receiving agents are set forth in the Articles of Association and summarized in
“Appendix IV – Summary of Articles of Association” of this prospectus.

Except for the differences above, the Domestic Shares and the H Shares will rank pari
passu with each other in all other respects and, in particular, will rank equally for all dividends
or distributions declared, paid or made after the date of this prospectus. All dividends in respect
of the H Shares are to be declared in Renminbi and paid by our Company in Hong Kong dollars
whereas all dividends in respect of Domestic Shares are to be paid by our Company in
Renminbi. In addition to cash, dividends may be distributed in the form of shares.

CONVERSION OF OUR DOMESTIC SHARES INTO H SHARES

Upon completion of the Global Offering, our Company will have two classes of ordinary

Shares, namely Domestic Shares and H Shares.

– 289 –

