RISK FACTORS

denominated in USD. Any significant revaluation of the RMB may materially and adversely
affect the value of our net assets and earnings in foreign currency terms, as well as our ability
to service our foreign currency obligations.

The value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is
affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions and the foreign
exchange policy adopted by the governments of the relevant countries. Specifically in the PRC,
on July 21, 2005, the PRC government changed its policy of pegging the value of the RMB to
the U.S. dollar. Following the removal of the U.S. dollar peg, the RMB appreciated more than
20% against the U.S. dollar over the following three years. Between July 2008 and June 2010,
this appreciation halted and the exchange rate between the RMB and the U.S. dollar remained
within a narrow band. Since June 2010,
the PRC government has allowed the RMB to
appreciate slowly against the U.S. dollar again, and it has appreciated more than 10% since
June 2010. In April 2012, the PRC government announced that it would allow more RMB
exchange rate fluctuation. On August 11, 2015, China’s central bank executed a 2% devaluation
in the RMB. Over the following two days, the RMB fell 3.5% against the dollar. However, it
remains unclear what further fluctuations may occur or what impact this will have on the
currency.

It is difficult to predict how market forces or the PRC, the U.S. or other government
policies may impact the exchange rate between the RMB, U.S. dollar and other currencies in
the future. There remains significant international pressure on the PRC government to adopt a
more flexible currency policy, which could result in greater fluctuation of the RMB against the
U.S. dollar. If our research, development, sales and business operations continue to expand
outside of China, our exposure to foreign exchange risk may increase. We cannot predict the
impact of foreign currency fluctuations and currently do not engage in hedging transactions to
protect against uncertainty in future exchange rates between RMB and particular foreign
currencies such as the U.S. dollar. Future foreign currency fluctuations may adversely affect
our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The PRC government’s control over foreign currency conversion may limit our foreign
exchange transactions, including dividend payments to holders of our H Shares.

Currently, the RMB cannot be freely converted into any foreign currency, and conversion
and remittance of foreign currencies are subject to PRC foreign exchange regulations. There is
no assurance that, under a certain exchange rate, we will have sufficient foreign exchange to
meet our foreign exchange requirements. Under the current PRC foreign exchange control
system, foreign exchange transactions under the current account conducted by us, including the
payment of dividends following the completion of the Global Offering, do not require prior
approval from SAFE, but we are required to comply with certain procedural requirements
regarding such transactions and conduct such transactions at designated foreign exchange
banks within the PRC that have the requisite licenses to carry out such foreign exchange
business and other procedural requirements. Foreign exchange transactions under the capital
account conducted by us, however, must be approved in advance by SAFE and other
appropriate government authorities.

– 85 –

