APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL LEGAL AND
REGULATORY PROVISIONS

A company shall obtain the approval of the CSRC to offer its shares to the overseas
public. Under the Special Regulations, shares issued to foreign investors by joint stock limited
companies and listed overseas are known as “overseas listed and foreign invested shares”.
Shares issued to investors within the PRC by joint stock limited companies are known as
“domestic shares”.

Upon approval of the securities regulatory authority of the State Council, a company
issuing overseas listed and foreign invested shares in total shares determined by the issuance
program may agree with underwriters in the underwriting agreement to retain not more than
15% of the aggregate number of overseas listed and foreign invested shares outside the
underwritten amount. The issuance of the retained shares is deemed to be a part of this
issuance.

The share shall be issued at par value or at a premium, but it may not be issued below the

par value.

Increase of Share Capital

According to the PRC Company Law, when the joint stock limited company issues new
shares, resolutions shall be passed by a shareholders’ general meeting, approving the class and
number of the new shares, the issue price of the new shares, the commencement and end of the
new share issuance and the class and amount of new shares to be issued to existing
shareholders.

Shares of the same class in the same offer shall be issued on the same conditions and at

the same price.

Public offering shall be approved by the securities regulatory authority under the State

Council.

After the new share issuance has been paid up, the change shall be registered with the

company registration authorities and an announcement shall be made.

Where a joint stock limited company is issuing new shares to increase its registered
capital, the subscription for new shares by shareholders shall be conducted in accordance with
provisions on the payment of subscription amounts in relation to the incorporation of the
company.

– III-6 –

