APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL LEGAL AND
REGULATORY PROVISIONS

Loss of Share Certificates

If a registered share certificate is lost or stolen, the shareholder may apply, in accordance
with the relevant provisions set out in the PRC Civil Procedure Law (《中華人民共和國民事
訴訟法》), to a people’s court for a declaration that such certificate will no longer be valid.
After the people’s court declares the invalidity of such certificate, the shareholder may apply
to the company for a replacement share certificate. A separate procedure regarding the loss of
overseas listed and foreign invested share certificates is provided for in the Mandatory
Provisions.

Suspension and Termination of Listing

The PRC Securities Law (《中華人民共和國證券法》) provides

for a series of
circumstances in which the trading of shares of a company on a stock exchange may be
suspended or the listing for trading of its shares terminated if so decided by the relevant stock
exchange.

Merger and Division of the Company

Merger of companies may either be merger by consolidation or merger by incorporation.
Merger by consolidation shall mean that a company absorbs other companies while the
absorbed companies shall be dissolved. Merger by incorporation shall mean that two or more
companies merge into a newly incorporated company while all the merged parties shall be
dissolved.

SECURITIES LAW AND REGULATIONS

The PRC has promulgated a number of regulations that relate to the issue and trading of
shares and disclosure of information of the Company. The CSRC is the supervisory and
regulatory institution for securities in the PRC. It is responsible for the formulation of the
policies relating to securities, the drafting of securities laws and regulations, the supervision
of
the supervision and
regulation of the domestic and overseas public offering of securities by Chinese companies, as
well as the supervision and regulation of securities transactions.

intermediaries and participants,

the securities markets, market

The Provisional Regulations on the Administration of Share Issuance and Trading (《股
票發行與交易管理暫行條例》) deals with the application and approval procedures for public
offerings of equity securities, trading in equity securities, the acquisition of listed companies,
deposit, clearing and transfer of listed equity securities, the disclosure of information with
respect to a listed company, investigation, penalties and dispute settlement. According to these
regulations, a company must obtain the approval of the Securities Committee (being currently
the CSRC) to directly or indirectly offer its shares outside the PRC.

– III-17 –

