REGULATORY OVERVIEW

Post-Approval Requirements

including standards and regulations, off-label promotion,

Once a BLA is approved, a product will be subject to certain post-approval requirements.
the FDA closely regulates the post-approval marketing and promotion of
For instance,
biologics,
industry-sponsored
scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the internet. Biologics
may be marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of
the approved labeling. Adverse event reporting and submission of periodic reports is required
following FDA approval of a BLA. The FDA also may require post-marketing testing, known
as Phase 4 testing, Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies, or REMS, and surveillance to
monitor the effects of an approved product or place conditions on an approval that could
restrict the distribution or use of the product. In addition, quality control as well as product
manufacturing, packaging and labeling procedures must continue to conform to cGMP after
approval. Manufacturers and certain of their subcontractors are required to register their
establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, and are subject
to periodic
unannounced inspections by the FDA during which the agency inspects manufacturing
facilities to assess compliance with applicable regulations such as cGMP. Accordingly,
manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the areas of production and
quality control to maintain compliance with cGMP. Regulatory authorities may withdraw
product approvals or request product recalls if a company fails to comply with regulatory
standards, if it encounters problems following initial marketing, or if previously unrecognized
problems are subsequently discovered.

Biosimilar Approval Process

similar

shown to be

The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, or BPCIA, established an
abbreviated approval pathway for biological products
to, or
interchangeable with, an FDA-licensed reference biological product. This amendment to the
PHSA attempts to minimize duplicative testing. Biosimilarity, which requires that there be no
clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the reference product in
terms of safety, purity, and potency, can be shown through analytical studies, animal studies,
and a clinical trial or trials. Interchangeability requires that a product is biosimilar to the
reference product and the product must demonstrate that it can be expected to produce the same
clinical results as the reference product and, for products administered multiple times, the
biologic and the reference biologic may be switched after one has been previously administered
without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the
reference biologic.

A reference biologic is granted twelve years of exclusivity from the time of first licensure
of the reference product. The first biologic product submitted under the biosimilar approval
pathway that is determined to be interchangeable with the reference product has exclusivity
against other interchangeable biosimilar products for the lesser of (i) one year after the first
commercial marketing, (ii) 18 months after approval if there is no legal challenge, (iii) 18

– 151 –

