RISK FACTORS

We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our patents and
other IP.

Although we are not currently experiencing any claims challenging the inventorship of
our patents or ownership of our IP, we may in the future be subject to claims that former
employees, collaborators or other third parties have an interest in our patents or other IP as
inventors or co-inventors. For example, we may have inventorship disputes arising from
conflicting obligations of others who are involved in developing our drug candidates.
Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging inventorship.
If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose
rights such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, our patent rights or other IP. Such an
outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if we are successful in
defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction
to management and other employees.

The terms of our patents may not be sufficient to effectively protect our drug candidates
and business.

In most countries in which we file applications for patents, the term of an issued patent
is generally 20 years from the earliest claimed filing date of a non-provisional patent
application in the applicable country. Although various extensions may be available, the life of
a patent and the protection it affords are limited. Even if patents covering our drug candidates
are obtained, we may be open to competition from other companies as well as generic
medications once the patent life has expired for a drug. In particular, there is no currently
effective law or regulation providing patent term extension, patent linkage, or data exclusivity
(referred to as regulatory data protection) in China. Therefore, a lower-cost generic drug can
emerge onto the market much more quickly. Chinese regulators have set forth a framework for
integrating patent linkage and data exclusivity into the Chinese regulatory regime, as well as
for establishing a pilot program for patent term extension. To be implemented, this framework
will require adoption of regulations. To date, no regulations have been issued. These factors
result in weaker protection for us against generic competition in China than could be available
to us in the United States. For instance, the patents we have in China are not yet eligible to be
extended for patent term lost during clinical trials and the regulatory review process. If we are
unable to obtain patent term extension or the term of any such extension is less than we request,
our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration,
and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially
harmed.

As of the Latest Practicable Date, we had been granted two invention patents in each of
the PRC and the United States and one invention patent in each of Japan, Russia and South
Africa. Our invention patents will expire between 2032 and 2037. We also had seven pending
patent applications in China and four international patent applications under the PCT as of the
Latest Practicable Date. If patents are issued on these pending patent applications, the resulting
patents will be expected to expire between 2033 and 2038, excluding any potential patent term

– 73 –

