BUSINESS

PROCUREMENT, SUPPLY AND INVENTORY

Our Procurement System

We have implemented a set of standardized operating procedures relating to procurement
that regulate procurement related behaviors. We have made clear instructions on issues of
procurement process, contract execution and quality control, which assure a transparent
procurement decision-making process and fix defects in our procurement process.

According to our internal policy, our procurement department manages the procurement
list based on the annual supplier performance evaluation. The
the process of procurement

execution and supplier
procurement department also streamlines and optimizes
management, monitor the implementation thereof.

Our Suppliers

Our suppliers mainly include suppliers of raw materials, CRO services and construction
services. In 2016, 2017 and six months ended June 30, 2018, our five largest suppliers
accounted for 23.7%, 37.6% and 30.7%, respectively, of our total purchases, and our largest
supplier accounted for 7.5%, 12.6% and 13.5%, respectively, of our total purchases. All of our
top five suppliers during the Track Record Period are independent third parties. During the
Track Record Period, none of our Directors, their respective associates or our Shareholders
who, to the knowledge of our Directors, owns more than 5% of our issued share capital had any
interest in any of the top five suppliers. During the Track Record Period, none of our suppliers
was also our major customer.

Since we may not be able to readily switch to other suppliers for major raw materials and
equipment once the production process is set and long term supply agreement is entered into
and since the quality of the raw materials, production equipment as well as CRO services
directly affects our clinical results and successful submission for approval to the regulatory
authority, our internal policy requires us to select and assess our suppliers based on a
comprehensive review of their basic information, and where necessary, results of on-site visits,
sample assessment and trial order testing.

We may also procure customized supplies in the case when general or standardized
supplies are unable to meet the required quality or quantity. Customized supplies may take
longer period to produce and deliver and have fewer alternative sources for substitutes.

We enter into long-term binding supply agreements with our key suppliers from time to
time. The long-term procurement allows us to negotiate with the suppliers for a fixed price of
the supplies and avoid price fluctuations. We pay for our purchases of raw materials and other
supplies in cash or on credit.

– 235 –

