RISK FACTORS

capacities, and commercial manufacturing facilities in China. As a result, we expect these four
drug candidates to fall within the Category 1 application process, but cannot be sure we will
be granted or be able to maintain Category 1 designation.

Our drug candidates may not be well-received by physicians, patients, third-party payers
and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success.

If any of our drug candidates receives regulatory approval, it may nonetheless fail to gain
sufficient acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payers and others in the medical
community. For example, current cancer treatments like chemotherapy and radiation therapy
are well established in the medical community, and doctors may continue to rely on these
treatments to the exclusion of our drug candidates. In addition, physicians, patients and
third-party payers may prefer other novel products to ours. If our drug candidates do not
achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may not generate significant product sales
revenues and we may not become profitable. The market acceptance of our drug candidates, if
approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

the safety and efficacy of the product;

our ability to build and maintain strong medical affairs and medical liaison teams;

the cost of the product;

the prevalence and severity of AE of the product; and

the perceived advantages and disadvantages of the product relative to competing
products or treatments.

If our products fail to attain market acceptance among the medical community, our

business and profitability would be adversely affected.

We face substantial competition, and others may discover, develop or commercialize
competing drugs before or more successfully than we do.

The development and commercialization of new drugs is highly competitive. We face
competition with respect to our current drug candidates, and may face competition with respect
to any drug candidates that we may seek to develop or commercialize in the future, from major
pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies
worldwide. There are a number of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that
currently market and sell drugs or are pursuing the development of drugs for the treatment of
diseases for which we are developing our drug candidates. Some of these competitive drugs
and therapies are based on scientific approaches that are the same as or similar to our approach,
and others are based on entirely different approaches. Potential competitors also include
academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research organizations
that conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for

– 63 –

