SUMMARY

SHAREHOLDING STRUCTURE

Our Domestic Shares are listed on the NEEQ. As of the Latest Practicable Date, Mr.
Xiong Jun, together with Mr. Xiong Fengxiang, who is his father, are the single largest
shareholder combined taking into account also the voting rights of the Other Concert Parties
under the Concert Party Agreements. Mr. Xiong Jun is deemed to control, through the Concert
Parties Agreements, 183,050,736 Domestic Shares, representing approximately 30.44% of the
issued share capital of our Company as of the Latest Practicable Date, and which will represent
approximately 24.08% of our issued share capital
immediately after the Global Offering
(assuming the Over-Allotment Option is not exercised and in each case without regard to the
Pre-IPO Options and the 2018 Convertible Bonds). See “Relationship with Our Single Largest
Shareholder” for details.

Major changes in our shareholding during the Track Record Period and up to the Latest
Practicable Date are set out in “Our History and Development – Our Shareholding and Group
Structure – Major changes in our shareholding during the Track Record Period and up to the
Latest Practicable Date”. All these changes relate to our Domestic Shares. Save for parties to
the Concert Party Agreements, namely Zhao Yun (趙雲), Meng Xiaojun (孟曉君) and Gao
Shufang (高淑芳), none of these subscribers who subscribed for Shares during the Track
Record Period are subject to lock-up arrangements on their Shares subscribed. For further
details of the lock-up undertaking of the parties to the Concert Party Agreements, see
“Underwriting – Undertakings by Other Concert Parties”.

Our Domestic Shares are currently listed on NEEQ. These Domestic Shares are not
counted towards our public float for the purpose of Rules 8.08 and 18A.07 of the Listing Rules.
We have applied for, and the Stock Exchange has granted, a waiver from strict compliance in
relation to the public float requirements under Rule 8.08(1) of the Listing Rules, see also
“Summary – Waiver in relation to public float” below.

Several cornerstone investors have agreed to subscribe for Offer Shares for an aggregate
amount of US$242,000,000 at the Offer Price (that is, 97,821,000 H Shares based on the Offer
Price of HK$19.38 per Offer Share, being the low-end of the indicative Offer Price range) as
part of the Global Offering, representing approximately 12.87% of our total issued share
capital, and approximately 61.56% of our total number of H Shares,
immediately upon
completion of the Global Offering (assuming the Over-allotment Option is not exercised and
without regard to the Pre-IPO Options and the 2018 Convertible Bonds). These Cornerstone
Investors have agreed to a Lock-up Period of six months starting from and inclusive of the
Listing Date. See “Cornerstone Investors – Restrictions on the Cornerstone Investors”.

Employees’ Share Incentive

We approved and adopted the Share Incentive Scheme pursuant to resolution passed by
the Shareholders on May 14, 2018. A total of 268 eligible participants have been granted
6,023,000 Pre-IPO Options in aggregate under the Share Incentive Agreements, as of the Latest

– 15 –

