HOW TO APPLY FOR HONG KONG OFFER SHARES

(cid:129)

in the special allocation results booklets which will be available for inspection
during opening hours from Friday, December 21, 2018 to Thursday, December 27,
2018 at all the receiving bank branches and sub-branches.

If the Company accepts your offer to purchase (in whole or in part), which it may do by
announcing the basis of allocations and/or making available the results of allocations publicly,
there will be a binding contract under which you will be required to purchase the Hong Kong
Offer Shares if the conditions of the Global Offering are satisfied and the Global Offering is
not otherwise terminated. Further details are contained in the section headed “Structure of the
Global Offering”.

You will not be entitled to exercise any remedy of

innocent
misrepresentation at any time after acceptance of your application. This does not affect any
other right you may have.

rescission for

12. CIRCUMSTANCES IN WHICH YOU WILL NOT BE ALLOTTED HONG KONG

OFFER SHARES

You should note the following situations in which the Hong Kong Offer Shares will not

be allotted to you:

(i)

If your application is revoked:

By completing and submitting an Application Form or giving electronic application
instructions to HKSCC or to the HK eIPO White Form Service Provider, you agree that your
application or the application made by HKSCC Nominees on your behalf cannot be revoked on
or before the fifth day after the time of the opening of the application lists (excluding for this
purpose any day which is Saturday, Sunday or public holiday in Hong Kong). This agreement
will take effect as a collateral contract with the Company.

Your application or the application made by HKSCC Nominees on your behalf may only
be revoked on or before such fifth day if a person responsible for this prospectus under Section
40 of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (as applied by
Section 342E of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance) gives
a public notice under that section which excludes or limits that person’s responsibility for this
prospectus.

If any supplement to this prospectus is issued, applicants who have already submitted an
application will be notified that they are required to confirm their applications. If applicants
have been so notified but have not confirmed their applications in accordance with the
procedure to be notified, all unconfirmed applications will be deemed revoked.

– 381 –

