BUSINESS

OVERVIEW

We are an innovation-driven biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery and
development of innovative drugs and their clinical research and commercialization on a global
scale. Our mission is to provide patients with treatment options that work better and cost less.
Equipped with our core platform technology of protein engineering, we stand at the frontier of
R&D of macromolecular drugs. With our distinguished capability of innovative drug discovery,
advanced biotechnological R&D, large-scale production capacity on the full industry chain and
rapidly expanding drug candidate portfolio of tremendous market potential, we have a leading
edge in the PRC in the emerging field of immuno-oncology and for the treatment of
autoimmune and metabolic diseases. We are the first PRC company to file IND application and
NDA with the NMPA for anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody and the first PRC company to receive
IND approvals from the NMPA for anti-PCSK9 monoclonal antibody and anti-BLyS
monoclonal antibody. Our aim is to develop first-in-class and best-in-class drugs through
original
innovation and become a pioneer in the area of translational medicine. As we
supplement our product pipeline and explore drug combination therapies, we expect our
innovation field to expand to R&D of more types of drugs, including small molecule drugs and
antibody drug conjugates (or ADCs), as well as the exploration of the next-generation
innovative therapies for cancer and autoimmune diseases.

We operate in the fast-growing biologics market where biotechnology is revolutionizing
medical treatments for a wide array of major diseases globally. Compared with the traditional
small molecular drugs, macromolecular biologics benefit from high specificity and selective
targeting, have better tolerance, less toxic side effects and better efficacy, and are recognized
in the pharmaceutical market.
as an increasingly important category of medical product
According to the F&S Report,
the global biologics market
is expected to increase from
USD240.2 billion in 2017 to USD404.0 billion in 2022, representing a CAGR of 11.0%. In
China, where we are headquartered, the biologics market is also growing fast along with the
domestic economic growth and increasing prevalence rates of chronic diseases. Supported by
a series of favorable government policies in recent years, the PRC biologics market is projected
to grow from RMB218.5 billion in 2017 to RMB478.5 billion in 2022, representing a CAGR
of 17.0%.

We have developed a product pipeline comprising 13 biologic drug candidates as of the
Latest Practicable Date, covering a wide variety of indications associated with high levels of
unmet medical needs. They include seven immuno-oncology drug candidates,
two drug
candidates for metabolic diseases, three targeting inflammation or autoimmune diseases and
one to treat neurologic diseases. As of the Latest Practicable Date, five of our biologic drug
candidates had received IND approvals from the NMPA, including one for which we had filed
NDA:

(cid:129)

JS001, or toripalimab, a near commercial-stage candidate, is the first anti-PD-1
monoclonal antibody developed by a PRC company to file IND application and
NDA with the NMPA. We have commenced over 15 clinical trials of JS001 for
advanced oncological indications including, among others, malignant melanoma,

– 176 –

