APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL LEGAL AND
REGULATORY PROVISIONS

When distributing each year’s after-tax profits, a company shall set aside ten percent of
its after-tax profits into a statutory reserve fund (except where the fund has reached 50% of its
registered capital). If its statutory reserve fund is not sufficient to make up losses of the
previous year, profits of the current year shall be applied to make up losses before allocation
is made to the statutory reserve fund pursuant to the above provisions.

After allocation of the statutory reserve fund from after-tax profits, the company may,
upon a resolution passed at the shareholders’ general meeting, allocate discretionary reserve
fund from after-tax profits.

The remaining after-tax profits after making up losses and allocation of reserve fund shall
be distributed in proportion to the number of shares held by the shareholders, unless otherwise
stipulated in the articles of association. Shares held by the company shall not be entitled to any
distribution of profit.

The reserve fund shall be applied to make up losses of the company, expand its business
operations or be converted to increase the registered capital of the company. However, the
capital reserve fund may not be applied to make up the company’s losses. Upon the conversion
of statutory reserve fund into capital, the balance of the statutory reserve fund shall not be less
than 25% of the registered capital of the company before such conversion.

The company shall have no other accounting books except the statutory accounting books.
Assets of the company shall not be deposited in any accounts opened in the name of any
individual.

Appointment and Retirement of Accounting Firms

Pursuant to the Special Regulations, a company shall engage an independent accounting
firm, which is qualified according to relevant provisions of the State, to audit the annual report
of the company and review other financial reports whereof.

The period of engagement of an accounting firm by a company shall commence from the
the

date of conclusion of the current annual shareholders’ general meeting and end at
conclusion of the subsequent annual shareholders’ general meeting.

The appointment or dismissal of accounting firms responsible for the auditing of the
company shall be determined by shareholders’ general meeting or board of directors in
accordance with provisions of articles of association. The accounting firm shall have the right
to state its opinions on the matter to the shareholders’ general meeting.

– III-14 –

