BUSINESS

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

The proprietary nature of, and protection for, our drug candidates and their methods of
use are an important part of our strategy to develop and commercialize novel medicines, as
described in more detail below. We have obtained intellectual property in and outside China
and may seek additional patents to safeguard our innovations in the future. We rely on a
combination of patents,
trade secrets as well as employees and third-party
confidentiality agreements to protect our intellectual property.

trademarks,

As of the Latest Practicable Date, we had been granted two invention patents, nine utility
model patents and one design patent in the PRC, one invention patent in Japan, one invention
patent in Russia, one invention patent in South Africa and two invention patents in the United
States. We had seven pending patent applications in China and four international patent
applications under the PCT. Details of patents we owned or applied for relating to our products
as of the Latest Practicable Date are summarized below:

JS001. We held one PRC invention patent and one US invention patent for JS001, which
are valid until 2033 and 2034, respectively. We also had thirteen pending patent applications
filed for JS001 in other jurisdictions or under the PCT, which would expectedly expire between
2034 and 2037 if granted.

JS002. We had filed one PRC patent application and four patent applications in other
jurisdictions or under the PCT for JS002, which would expectedly be valid until 2035 and
2036, respectively, if granted.

UBP1213. We had one PRC invention patent for UBP1213, which is valid until 2032. We
also registered invention patents for UBP1213 in Japan, Russia, South Africa and the United
States, which will expire in 2033. In addition, we had filed five patent applications for
UBP1213 in other jurisdictions or under the PCT, which would expectedly expire between
2033 and 2034 if granted.

JS003. We had one pending PRC patent application and one pending PCT patent
application for JS003, which would be expected to be valid until 2037 and 2038, respectively,
if granted.

We conduct our business under the brand name of “Junshi” (君實). As of the Latest
Practicable Date, we had three material pending trademark applications in the PRC and four
pending trademark applications in Hong Kong. We have also registered two material domain
names, including www.junshipharma.com.

For details of the patent portfolios for our drug candidates, please refer to “Statutory and
General Information – 2. Further Information about Our Business – B. Intellectual Property
Rights” in Appendix V to this prospectus. For risks relating to the expiry of our patent rights,
please refer to “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to our IP Rights”.

– 240 –

