REGULATORY OVERVIEW

The FDA has 60 days from its receipt of a BLA to determine whether the application will
be accepted for filing based on the agency’s threshold determination that it is sufficiently
complete to permit substantive review. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA
begins an in-depth review. The FDA has agreed to certain performance goals in the review of
BLAs. Most such applications for standard review biologics products are reviewed within ten
months of submission; most applications for priority review biologics are reviewed within six
months of submission. Priority review for biologics is limited to those products intended to
treat a serious or life-threatening disease with unmet medical need relative to the currently
approved products. The review process may be extended by the FDA for three additional
months to consider certain late-submitted information, or information intended to clarify
information already provided in the submission. The FDA may also refer applications for novel
biologic products or biologic products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to
an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review,
evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA
is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally follows such
recommendations. Before approving a BLA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more
clinical sites to assure compliance with GCPs.

Additionally, the FDA will inspect the facility or the facilities at which the biologic
product
is manufactured. The FDA will not approve the BLA unless it determines that
compliance with cGMP is satisfactory. Manufacturers of biologics also must comply with the
FDA’s general biological product standards. After the FDA evaluates the BLA and the
manufacturing facilities, it issues either an approval letter or a complete response letter. A
complete response letter outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial
additional testing, including additional large-scale clinical testing or information in order for
the FDA to reconsider the application. If, or when, those deficiencies have been addressed to
the FDA’s satisfaction in a resubmission of the BLA, the FDA will issue an approval letter. The
FDA has committed to reviewing such resubmissions in two or six months depending on the
type of information included. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the
biologic with specific prescribing information for specific indications. As a condition of BLA
approval, the FDA may require substantial post-approval testing and surveillance to monitor
the product’s safety or efficacy and may impose other conditions,
including labeling
restrictions, which can materially affect the product’s potential market and profitability. Once
granted, product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory standards is not
maintained or if problems or safety issues are identified following initial marketing. Changes
to some of the conditions established in an approved application,
including changes in
indications, labeling, ingredients or manufacturing processes or facilities, require submission
and FDA approval of a new BLA or BLA supplement before the change can be implemented.
A BLA supplement for a new indication typically requires clinical data similar to that in the
original application, and the FDA uses the same procedures and actions in reviewing BLA
supplements as it does in reviewing BLAs.

– 150 –

