RISK FACTORS

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

workforce uncertainty and labor unrest, particularly in non-PRC countries where
labor unrest is more common than in the PRC;

production shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or
manufacturing capabilities abroad; and

business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions,
including war and
terrorism, or natural disasters, including earthquakes, volcanoes, typhoons, floods,
hurricanes and fires.

These and other risks may materially and adversely affect our ability to attain or sustain

revenue from international markets.

RISKS RELATING TO OUR IP RIGHTS

We may fail to obtain and maintain IP rights for the protection of our technology and
drugs.

Our success depends largely on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in the
PRC, the United States and other countries with respect to our proprietary technology and drug
candidates. We have sought to protect our proprietary position by filing patent applications in
the PRC, the United States and other countries related to drug candidates and novel technology
that we consider important to our business. As at June 30, 2018, we had two issued PRC patents
and seven pending PRC patent applications as well as corresponding patents and patent
applications internationally. However, we are exposed to various limitations and risks and may
fail to obtain and maintain IP rights for the protection of our technology and drugs.

Firstly, we may fail to identify patentable aspects of our R&D output before it is too late
to obtain patent protection. Assuming all other requirements for patentability are met, the first
to file a patent application is entitled to the patent. Publications of discoveries in the scientific
literature may lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the PRC and other
jurisdictions may not be published until months after filing or, in some cases, not at all.
Therefore, we cannot be certain that we were the first to make the inventions claimed in our
patents or pending patent applications, or that we were the first to file for patent protection of
such inventions. We may become involved in inter partes review, post-grant review, ex parte
re-examination, derivation, opposition or other similar proceedings challenging our patent
rights or the patent rights of others. An adverse determination in any such proceeding could
reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our
technology or drug candidates and compete directly with us, or result in our inability to
manufacture or commercialize drug candidates without infringing third-party patent rights.

– 69 –

