HOW TO APPLY FOR HONG KONG OFFER SHARES

All of your applications will be rejected if more than one application on a WHITE or
YELLOW Application Form or by giving electronic application instructions to HKSCC or
through the HK eIPO White Form service, is made for your benefit (including the part of the
application made by HKSCC Nominees acting on electronic application instructions). If an
application is made by an unlisted company and:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

the principal business of that company is dealing in securities; and

you exercise statutory control over that company, then the application will be treated
as being for your benefit.

“Unlisted company” means a company with no equity securities listed on the Stock

Exchange. “Statutory control” means you:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

control the composition of the board of directors of the company;

control more than half of the voting power of the company; or

hold more than half of the issued share capital of the company (not counting any part
of it which carries no right to participate beyond a specified amount in a distribution
of either profits or capital).

9. HOW MUCH ARE THE HONG KONG OFFER SHARES

The WHITE and YELLOW Application Forms have tables showing the exact amount

payable for the Shares.

You must pay the maximum Offer Price, brokerage, SFC transaction levy and the Stock
in the

Exchange trading fee in full upon application for Shares under the terms set out
Application Forms.

You may submit an application using a WHITE or YELLOW Application Form or
through the HK eIPO White Form service in respect of a minimum number of 1,000 Hong
Kong Offer Shares. Each application or electronic application instruction in respect of more
than 1,000 Hong Kong Offer Shares must be in one of the numbers set out in the table in the
Application Form, or as otherwise specified on the designated website at www.hkeipo.hk.

If your application is successful, brokerage will be paid to the Exchange Participants (as
defined in the Listing Rules), and the SFC transaction levy and the Stock Exchange trading fee
are paid to the Stock Exchange (in the case of the SFC transaction levy, collected by the Stock
Exchange on behalf of the SFC).

For further details on the Offer Price, please see the section headed “Structure of the

Global Offering – Pricing and Allocation” in this prospectus.

– 379 –

