BUSINESS

Inventory Management

Our inventory primarily consists of raw materials, finished products and samples and
equipment
for clinical purposes. We have established inventory management standard
operating procedures and inventory management system to monitor each stage of warehousing
process. Our internal policy requires that all materials and products be stored in different areas
of the warehouse according to their respective storage requirement, properties, usage and batch
number. We pay special attention to the temperature and humidity levels,
to which our
materials and products are sensitive, to ensure the quality of the inventory. Warehousing
personnel are responsible for the inspection of the materials and products, the safety and the
regular cleaning of the warehouse.

OUR INCOME DURING THE TRACK RECORD PERIOD

During the Track Record Period, we generated income on an ad hoc basis from the

provision of consulting and research services.

In 2016, 2017 and six months ended June 30, 2018, our five largest customers accounted
for 67.9%, 62.3% and 84.1%, respectively, of our total revenue, and our largest customer
accounted for 48.6%, 23.3% and 61.0%, respectively, of our total revenue. During the Track
Record Period, none of our Directors, their respective associates or our Shareholders who, to
the knowledge of our Directors, owns more than 5% of our issued share capital had any interest
in any of the top five customers.

QUALITY CONTROL

Our quality department, comprising quality assurance team and quality control team, is
responsible for ensuring a high standard of quality and maintaining compliance with relevant
laws and regulations. Guided by our internal quality control procedures and SOPs, our
stringent quality control covers different stages from the procurement of raw materials, R&D
to production of products. As at June 30, 2018, our quality control team consisted of 67
dedicated employees.

Quality Control for Raw Materials

We procure raw materials only from our approved suppliers. All approved suppliers are
selected by our procurement department, which conducts basic information checks and may
carry out on-site quality audits on supplier candidates to ensure they comply with relevant
requirements. We also review performance of our suppliers on an annual basis.

– 236 –

