APPENDIX IV

SUMMARY OF ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

The principal objective of this summary is to provide potential investors with an overview
of the Articles of Association. As the information contained below is a summary, it does not
contain all the information that may be important to potential investors. A copy of the full
Chinese text of the Articles of Association is available for inspection as mentioned in the
section headed “Documents Delivered to the Registrar of Companies and Available for
Inspection” in Appendix VI to this prospectus.

Upon approval through a special resolution at the general meeting of our Company and
by relevant state departments, the Articles of Association shall take effect from the day our
Company’s overseas-listed foreign shares are traded at the Stock Exchange and shall replace
the original Articles of Association of
the Company recorded in the authorities of
administration for industry and commerce.

Once the Articles of Association have taken effect, it shall become a binding legally
document which normalizes the organization and behavior of our Company and defines the
rights and obligations relations between the Company and its shareholders and among the
shareholders.

I.

1.

DIRECTORS AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Power to allocate and issue shares

The Articles of Association does not contain any clauses that authorise the Board of
Directors to allocate or issue shares. The Board of Directors shall prepare proposals for share
allotment or issue, which are subject to approval by the Shareholders at the general meetings
by way of a special resolution. Any such allotment or issue shall be in accordance with the
procedures stipulated in the relevant laws and regulations.

2.

Power to dispose assets of the Company or any of our subsidiaries

In disposing of fixed assets, if the sum of the expected value of the fixed assets to be
disposed of and the amount or value of the consideration received from the fixed assets of our
Company disposed of within the four months immediately preceding this proposal for disposal
exceeds 33 percent of the value of fixed assets of the Company shown on the latest audited
balance sheet submitted to the Shareholders at
the Board of
Directors shall not dispose of or agree to dispose of such fixed assets without the prior approval
of the general meeting.

the Shareholders’ meeting,

The above disposal refers to the transfer of interests in certain assets, but does not include
the provision of guarantees with fixed assets. The validity of the transactions with respect to
the disposal of fixed assets of the Company shall not be affected by the violation of the above
restrictions contained in the Articles of Associations.

– IV-1 –

