BUSINESS

INTERNAL CONTROLS AND RISK MANAGEMENT

It is the responsibility of the Board of Directors to ensure that the Group maintains sound
and effective internal controls to safeguard the Shareholders’ investment and the Group’s assets
at all times. We have adopted a series of internal control policies, procedures and programs
designed to achieve effective and efficient operations,
reporting and
compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Highlights of our internal control system
include the following:

reliable financial

Audit committee. We have established an audit committee that assists our Board by
providing an independent view of the effectiveness of the financial reporting process, internal
control and risk management systems of the Group, overseeing the audit process and
performing other duties and responsibilities as assigned by our Board. The audit committee
consists of two independent non-executive Directors being Mr. Chen Xinjun and Mr. Qian Zhi
and one non-executive Director being Mr. Li Cong.

Scientific and Clinical Medicines Committee. The Company has established a Scientific
and Clinical Medicines Committee comprising our executive Directors, senior management
and certain heads of department, which holds meetings on a monthly basis and is mainly
responsible for the overall governance and decision making on drug development investment,
strategy and planning of the Company.

Listing Rules Compliance. We have adopted various policies to ensure compliance with
the Listing Rules,
limited to aspects related to corporate governance,
connected transactions, notifiable transactions, inside information and securities transactions
by the Directors.

including but not

Code of Conduct. Our code of conduct explicitly communicates to each employee our

values and our ground rules for behavior.

During the Track Record Period and up to the Latest Practicable Date, our Directors, to
their best knowledge, were not aware of any past incidents involving our employees engaging
in corruption or other improper conducts that had a material impact on our Company, and
believe that we were in compliance in all material respects with the laws and regulations
disclosed under the “Regulatory Overview” section in this prospectus. We will also continue
to implement and enforce the proper internal control procedures to ensure ongoing compliance
with all applicable laws and regulations, including the prevention of our employees or affiliates
engaging in any corruption, bribery, health fraud and abuse or improper conduct and other
incidents of non-compliance.

– 247 –

