RISK FACTORS

Coverage and reimbursement may be limited or unavailable in certain market segments
for our drug candidates, which could make it difficult for us to sell our drug candidates
profitably.

Successful sales of our drug candidates,

if approved, depend on the availability of
adequate coverage and reimbursement from third-party payers. In addition, because our drug
candidates represent new approaches to the treatment of cancer, we cannot accurately estimate
the potential revenue from our drug candidates. Patients who are provided with medical
treatment for their conditions generally rely on third-party payers to reimburse all or part of the
costs
from
governmental healthcare programs and commercial payers are critical to new drug acceptance.

associated with their

treatment. Adequate

and reimbursement

coverage

Government authorities and third-party payers such as private health insurers, decide
which drugs and treatments they will cover and the amount of reimbursement. Coverage and
reimbursement by a third-party payer may depend upon a number of factors, including the
third-party payer’s determination that use of the drug is a covered benefit under its health plan,
safe, effective and medically necessary, appropriate for the specific patient, cost-effective and
neither experimental nor investigational.

Under

(together,

levels. However,

the national medical

insurance program in China, patients purchasing
pharmaceutical products that are listed in the Medical Insurance Drugs Catalogues or the
National Essential Drug List
the “Catalogues and List”) are entitled to
reimbursement for all or a portion of their purchase costs from the social medical fund.
Therefore, inclusion in such Catalogues and List will significantly affect the demand for such
products in China. We plan to pursue reimbursement opportunities at both national and
provincial
the availability and level of
reimbursement regarding any drug that we commercialize. Obtaining reimbursement for our
drugs may be particularly difficult due to the higher prices often associated with drugs
administered under the supervision of a physician, which are expected to apply on our drug
candidates. If reimbursement is not available or is at limited levels, we may not be able to
realize the full commercial value of our drug products, which may in turn have a material and
adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. Further, we may be
obliged to agree to lower the prices of our drug products in order for them to be included in
the Catalogues and List. Such reductions in prices may not be adequately compensated by the
increased demand for our drug products due to their inclusion in the Catalogues and List.

there is no assurance for

We intend to seek approval to market our drug candidates in the PRC, the United States
and in other selected jurisdictions. If we obtain approval in one or more non-PRC jurisdictions
for our drug candidates, we will be subject to rules and regulations in those jurisdictions. In
some non-PRC countries, particularly those in the European Union, the pricing of drugs and
biologics is subject to governmental control. In these countries, pricing negotiations with
governmental authorities can take considerable time after obtaining regulatory approval of a

– 67 –

