APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Government grants that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the
purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in profit or
loss in the period in which they become receivable.

Retirement benefits costs

The Group participates in state-managed retirement benefit schemes, which are defined contribution schemes,
pursuant to which the Group pays a fixed percentage of its qualifying staff’s wages as contributions to the plans.
Payments to such retirement benefit schemes are charged as an expense when employees have rendered service
entitling them to the contributions.

Short-term employee benefits

Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid
as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense unless
another IFRS standards requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave and sick

leave) after deducting any amount already paid.

Share-based payment arrangements

Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured at the

fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.

The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking into
consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on
the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (share
option reserve). At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity
instruments expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the
revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the
revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the share options reserve.

When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share option reserve will be transferred
to share premium. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still not exercised at the expiry
date, the amount previously recognised in share option reserve will be transferred to accumulated losses.

Taxation

Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the Track Record Period. Taxable profit differs from
“loss before tax” as reported in the consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income because
of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible. The
Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the
end of each reporting period.

Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
the Historical Financial Information and the corresponding tax base used in the computation of taxable profit.
Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are
generally recognised for all deductible temporary difference to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will
be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and
liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of assets and liabilities in
a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are
not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.

– I-20 –

