RISK FACTORS

If we do not achieve one or more of these milestones in a timely manner or at all, we
could experience significant delays in our ability to obtain approval for and/or to successfully
commercialize our drug candidates, which would materially harm our business and we may not
be able to generate sufficient revenues and cash flows to continue our operations.

Even if we are able to generate revenues from the sale of our potential drugs, we may not
become profitable and may need to obtain additional funding to continue operations. If we fail
to become profitable or are unable to sustain profitability on a continuing basis, then we may
be unable to continue our operations at planned levels and be forced to reduce our operations.
Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on
a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the
value of our Company and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business or
continue our operations, which in turn may adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations.

We currently do not generate revenue from the commercial sales of drug products and
may not become profitable as expected, or at all.

Our main business is the development and sales of drug products. As all of our drug
candidates are still in the R&D stage, we currently do not generate revenue from the sales of
drug products and recorded continued losses during the Track Record Period. If we fail to
commercialize our drug candidates as planned, or at all, due to failures to complete clinical
trials, obtain regulatory approval and conduct commercial manufacturing or any other reason,
we may experience significant delays or failure in generating revenue and realizing profit from
the commercial sales of our drug products.

Further, we expect to incur significant costs in the future, in particular for the research,
development and commercialization of our drug candidates. Our R&D expenses amounted to
RMB122.0 million, RMB275.3 million and RMB217.8 million, respectively, in 2016, 2017 and
the six months ended June 30, 2018. As a drug candidate enters into clinical trial stage, costs
associated with such drug candidate may increase significantly. In the future, as we move more
drug candidates into the clinical trial stage, conduct more clinical trials for commercialized
products to broaden their use and carry out commercial production of our drug products, the
costs associated with such operations may increase significantly.

As we operate in the highly competitive biopharmaceutical market, we compete to
commercialize our drug candidates ahead of our competitors, which may put us under pressure
to incur R&D and other expenses with a potential negative impact on our short-term
profitability. On the other hand, our commercialized drug products may fail to realize their
sales potential as expected due to competition, insufficient market demand, product defect or
any other reason. Therefore, even after we start to generate revenue from the sales of our
commercialized drug products in the future, we may still not be profitable for an extended
period of time or may not become profitable as expected, or at all.

– 49 –

