APPENDIX V

STATUTORY AND GENERAL INFORMATION

(d)

save in connection with the Hong Kong Underwriting Agreement and the
International Underwriting Agreement, none of the parties listed in paragraph “4G.
Qualifications of Experts” of this Appendix:

(i)

is interested legally or beneficially in any of our Shares or our securities; or

(ii) has any right (whether legally enforceable or not) to subscribe for or to

nominate persons to subscribe for our Shares or any of our securities;

(e)

(f)

none of our Directors or Supervisors or their close associates or any shareholders of
our Company who, to the knowledge of our Directors, owns more than 5% of our
issued share capital has any interest in our top five customers and suppliers during
the Track Record Period; and

none of our Directors or Supervisors is a director or employee of a company which
has an interest in the share capital of our Company that has to be disclosed pursuant
to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO after the listing of H Shares on the Stock
Exchange.

4. OTHER INFORMATION

A. Estate Duty

Our Directors have been advised that currently no material liability for estate duty under

PRC law is likely to fall upon our Company or any of our subsidiaries.

B.

Litigation

Our Group is not involved in any litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings of
material importance and, so far as we are aware, no litigation, arbitration or administrative
proceedings of material
importance is pending or threatened against us as of the Latest
Practicable Date.

C.

Sole Sponsor

The Sole Sponsor has made an application on our behalf to the Listing Committee of the
Stock Exchange for the listing of, and permission to deal in, our H Shares. All necessary
arrangements have been made to enable the H Shares to be admitted into CCASS.

The Sole Sponsor satisfies the independence criteria set out in Rule 3A.07 of the Listing

Rules.

We have entered into an engagement agreement with the Sole Sponsor pursuant to which
we agreed to pay a total amount of USD1 million to the Sole Sponsor to act as the sponsor to
our Company in the Global Offering.

– V-26 –

