REGULATORY OVERVIEW

out the corresponding procedure. Drugs manufactured by the transferee shall be consistent with
those produced by the transferor in terms of, inter alia, formula, manufacturing process and
quality specifications in order to guarantee the quality of the drug.

Drug Recall

The NMPA enacted Measures on the Administration of Recall of Drugs (《藥品召回管理
辦法》) in 2007. According to the Measures, pharmaceutical manufacturers shall establish and
improve the drug recall system, collect information on drug safety, conduct investigation and
evaluation of drugs that may possibly have potential safety hazards, and recall drugs with
potential safety problems. Depending on the severity of the potential drug safety hazards, drug
recall is divided into level-one recall, level-two recall and level-three recalls. Pharmaceutical
manufacturers should voluntarily recall the drugs once discovering potential safety hazards. In
the event that a drug regulatory authority believes that any drug has the potential safety hazards
while the drug manufacturer concerned fails to conduct a drug recall as required, the drug
regulatory authority shall order the manufacturer to recall the drug.

Drug Price

According to the Drug Administration Law of the PRC (2015 revision) (《中華人民共和
國藥品管理法 (2015年修訂)》), for drugs of which the prices are adjustable by the market in
compliance with the law, drug manufacturers, drug distributors and medical institutions shall
set
its price in compliance with the principles of fairness, rationality, good faith and
commensuration of price with quality, in order to provide the consumers with drugs at a
reasonable price; set and indicate retailing prices in accordance with the regulations on
administration over drug prices formulated by the competent pricing department under the
State Council.

On May 4, 2015, the National Development and Reform Commission, the National Health
and Family Planning Commission, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of
Commerce and the NMPA jointly issued the Notice Regarding Reforms to the Price of Medical
Products (《推進藥品價格改革的意見》). Based on the Notice, from June 1, 2015, except
anesthetics and Class 1 psychotropic drugs, government pricing will be lifted and drug
procurement mechanism will be improved; medical insurance will play its role to control
medical expenses and the actual drug trading prices will come about mainly through market
forces.

Insert Sheets, Labels and Packaging

The insert sheets and product labels for any drugs marketed in the PRC must be in
compliance with the requirements of the Provisions on the Administration of the Insert Sheets
and Labels of Drugs (《藥品說明書和標籤管理規定》). The insert sheets and labels of drugs
shall be subject to the ratification of the NMPA, and the literal expression of any drug insert
sheets and labels must be scientific, accurate and normative. With regard to the same drug

– 140 –

