RISK FACTORS

If our manufacturing facilities are damaged or destroyed or production at such facilities
is otherwise interrupted, our business and prospects would be negatively affected.

If our manufacturing facilities or the equipment in them is damaged or destroyed, we may
not be able to quickly or inexpensively replace our manufacturing capacity or replace it at all.
In the event of a temporary or protracted loss of the facilities or equipment, we might not be
able to transfer manufacturing to a third party. Even if we could transfer manufacturing to a
third party, the shift would likely be expensive and time-consuming, particularly since the new
facility would need to comply with the necessary regulatory requirements and we would need
NMPA, FDA, or/and other comparable regulatory agency approval before selling any drugs
manufactured at that facility. Such an event could delay our clinical trials or reduce our product
sales if and when we are able to successfully commercialize one or more of our drug
candidates.

Any interruption in manufacturing operations at our facilities could result in our inability
to satisfy the demands of our clinical trials or commercialization. A number of factors could
cause interruptions, including equipment malfunctions or failures, technology malfunctions,
work stoppages, damage to or destruction of either facility due to natural disasters, regional
power shortages, product tampering or terrorist activities. Any disruption that impedes our
ability to manufacture our drug candidates in a timely manner could materially harm our
business, financial condition and results of operation.

Currently, we maintain insurance coverage against damage to our automobiles and plan
to purchase insurance policies against other property damages. However, our insurance
coverage may not reimburse us, or may not be sufficient to reimburse us, for any expenses or
losses we may suffer.

Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and
increase our costs and expenses.

to earthquakes, power

Our operations, and those of our third-party research institution collaborators, CROs,
shortages,
suppliers and other contractors, could be subject
typhoons, fires, extreme
telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, hurricanes,
weather conditions, medical epidemics and other natural or man-made disasters or business
interruptions, for which we are predominantly self-insured. In addition, we partially rely on our
third-party research institution collaborators for conducting R&D of our drug candidates, and
they may be affected by government shutdowns or withdrawn funding. The occurrence of any
of these business disruptions could seriously harm our operations and financial condition and
increase our costs and expenses. Damage or extended periods of interruption to our corporate,
development or research facilities due to fire, natural disaster, power loss, communications
failure, unauthorized entry or other events could cause us to cease or delay development of
some or all of our drug candidates. Our insurance might not cover all losses under such
circumstances and our business may be seriously harmed by such delays and interruption.

– 77 –

