SUMMARY

domestic economic growth and increasing prevalence rates of chronic diseases. Supported by
a series of favorable government policies in recent years, the PRC biologics market is projected
to grow from RMB218.5 billion in 2017 to RMB478.5 billion in 2022, representing a CAGR
of 17.0%.

We have developed a product pipeline comprising 13 biologic drug candidates as of the
Latest Practicable Date, covering a wide variety of indications associated with high levels of
unmet medical needs. They include seven immuno-oncology drug candidates,
two drug
candidates for metabolic diseases, three targeting inflammation or autoimmune diseases and
one to treat neurologic diseases. As of the Latest Practicable Date, five of our biologic drug
candidates had received IND approvals from the NMPA, including one for which we had filed
NDA:

(cid:129)

lung cancer, breast cancer, neuroendocrine tumor,

JS001, or toripalimab, a near commercial-stage candidate, is the first anti-PD-1
monoclonal antibody developed by a PRC company to file IND application and
NDA with the NMPA. We have commenced over 15 clinical trials of JS001 for
advanced oncological indications including, among others, malignant melanoma,
urothelial cancer, gastric cancer, esophageal cancer, nasopharyngeal cancer, non-
lymphoma and
small cell
sarcoma. Some of
the Latest
Practicable Date. In particular, we had completed the pivotal clinical
trial for
second-line metastatic melanoma for JS001, based on which we have filed NDA
with the NMPA in March 2018. Such NDA has completed CDE technical review on
December 1, 2018 and was under administrative review by the NMPA as of the
Latest Practicable Date. We expect to obtain such NDA approval in late 2018 or
early 2019 and are preparing to launch JS001 in the PRC shortly after obtaining
NDA approval.

these clinical

trials had been completed as of

JS001 has also received IND approval from FDA and is currently undergoing a
Phase I clinical trial in the United States. In addition, we plan to launch a global
large-scale pivotal clinical trial in the second half of 2019 aiming at obtaining
additional overseas regulatory approvals to launch JS001.

As of the Latest Practicable Date, JS001 was close to commercialization only for the
second-line treatment of metastatic melanoma in the PRC, while the majority of
JS001 clinical
trials for other indications were in Phase I or Phase II stages.
Melanoma represents only approximately 0.2% of the total new cases of cancer in
the PRC in 2017. By comparison, two competing PD-1 inhibitors from MNCs were
already marketed in the PRC as of the Latest Practicable Date, which covered more
indications that represent larger fractions of the total new cases of cancer in the PRC
than melanoma alone in 2017. Further, the PD-1/PD-L1 therapeutic area, which our
JS001 and JS003 belong to,
is an extremely fierce market. As of the Latest
Practicable Date, multiple PD-1 inhibitors from PRC companies were at various
stages of commercialization and there was no assurance that our JS001 would be the
first PD-1 inhibitor by a PRC company to commercialize in the PRC.

– 2 –

