BUSINESS

Commercialization

Pursuant to the PTLA, we shall maintain a bona fide, funded, ongoing and active research,
development, manufacturing, regulatory, marketing or sales program, all as commercially
reasonable, to make the products or services relating to the New Patent and Technology
commercially available to the public as soon as commercially practicable in the United States
and China. We shall also complete antibody lead optimization, select the first pre-clinical
candidate, initiate GLP toxicity studies and different phases of clinical trials, and submit a BLA
or NDA to the relevant regulatory authority in the United States or China pursuant to the
milestone dates as set out in the PTLA.

UTHealth shall be responsible for providing us with the relevant antibodies in their
humanized form for the development of the products or services relating to the New Patent and
Technology.

Payments and Fees

In consideration of the rights granted to us under the PTLA, we shall pay certain fees to
UTHealth, including (1) an upfront licensing fee; (2) an annual maintenance fees until the
products or services relating to the New Patent and Technology are first sold on a commercial
basis to a third party; and (3) milestone fees at the milestone events upon reaching different
phases of clinical trials and obtaining regulatory approvals in different jurisdictions.

We will pay to UTHealth for all past and future patent expenses relating to the New Patent
and Technology. Further, if we sublicense the relevant patents to any third party, we will pay
to UTHealth a certain percentage of the fees we received from sublicensing. In addition, a fee
will be payable by us to UTHealth in the event of any assignment of the rights under the PTLA
by us to any third party save for the assignment of rights by us to the Newco.

We will also pay to UTHealth running royalties to be calculated based on net product
sales and net service sales upon commercialization of the products or services relating to the
New Patent and Technology.

For further details, please refer to Note 44 to the Accountants’ Report in Appendix I to

this prospectus.

Term

The PTLA shall remain effective until the longer of (i) the last date of expiration or
termination of the patent rights relating to the relevant antibodies; (ii) if the technology rights
are licensed and no patent rights are applicable, the 3rd anniversary of the expiration of the last
to expire patent rights; or (iii) the expiration of market exclusivity provided under the relevant
regulatory approval.

– 229 –

