OUR HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT

Notes:

(1) Mr. Xiong Fengxiang is the father of Mr. Xiong Jun.

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Shanghai Tanying is a Sophisticated Investor (as defined in Chapter 18A of the Listing Rules). It is a limited
partnership established in the PRC principally engages in investment, investment management and financial
consultation. Shanghai Shengge Asset Management Co., Ltd. (上海盛歌投資管理有限公司) (“Shanghai
Shengge”) is the general partner of Shanghai Tanying. Mr. Lin Lijun is a director and wholly interested in
Shanghai Shengge. As of the Latest Practicable Date, Shanghai Tanying directly held 50,783,000 Domestic
Shares, and the 2018 Convertible Bonds in a principal amount of RMB200 million, which were outstanding
and convertible into Domestic Shares. For further information of the 2018 Convertible Bonds, please refer to
“– Issuance of the 2018 Convertible Bonds” above.

This refers to parties (other than Mr. Xiong Fengxiang, Mr. Xiong Jun and Suzhou Ruiyuan) who were parties
to the 2017 Concert Parties Agreement or the 2018 Concert Parties Agreement.

Beijing Junkejingde is a limited liability company established in the PRC on April 3, 2015. It was owned as
to 60% by our Company and 40% by Beijing Zhengdan, which is a connected person of our Group by virtue
of its interest in Beijing Junkejingde. Please refer to the section headed “Connected Transactions” in this
prospectus for further details of Beijing Zhengdan. Beijing Junkejingde was an investment holding company
prior to the disposal of Beijing Xinjingke Biotechnology. As of the Latest Practicable Date, it did not have any
substantial operation.

Suzhou Junshi
wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company. It is principally engaged in development of drugs.

is a limited liability company established in the PRC on July 26, 2017 and a direct

Taizhou Junshi
wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company. It is principally engaged in development of drugs.

is a limited liability company established in the PRC on May 9, 2014 and a direct

Beijing Tianshi is a joint venture owned as to 50% by our Company and as to 50% Beijing Nuocheng Jianhua
Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd. (北京諾誠健華醫藥科技有限公司), an Independent Third Party (except
for its interest in Beijing Tianshi). It is principally engaged in medical research.

The remaining interest in Qianhai Junshi is owned as to 20% by Shenzhen Dehe Fangzhong Investment
Limited Partnership (LP)* (深圳德和方中投資有限合夥企業(有限合夥)), of which Shenzhen Yuanben acted as
general partner, 19% by Shanghai Baoying and 10% by Hou Guihua (侯桂花), who is an Independent Third
Party (other than her shareholding in Qianhai Junshi).

Suzhou Junshi Biotechnology Co., Ltd.* (蘇州君實生物工程有限公司)
is a limited liability company
established in the PRC on June 19, 2018. It was owned as to 51% by Suzhou Junshi and 49% by Suzhou
Junbang Property Co., Ltd.* (蘇州君邦置業有限公司), which is an Independent Third Party (except for its
interest in Suzhou Junshi Biotechnology Co., Ltd.). As of the Latest Practicable Date, it did not have any
substantial operation.

(10) Suzhou Junao is a limited liability company incorporated in the PRC on January 10, 2018. As of Latest

Practicable Date, it did not have any substantial operations.

(11) Beijing Union Biopharm is a limited liability company established in the PRC on June 12, 2016. It is

principally engaged in R&D of pharmaceuticals.

(12) Beijing Zhenzhi Medical Technology Co., Ltd.* (北京臻知醫學科技有限責任公司) is a limited liability
company established in the PRC on September 19, 2018. It was owned as to 15% by our Company, 4.17% by
Shanghai Tanying and 0.83%, by Shanghai Qiangang Investment Management Partnership (LP)* (上海乾剛投
資管理合夥企業(有限合夥)), of which Shanghai Shengge is the general partner (for further information of
Shanghai Shengge, please refer to note (2) above). The remaining 39% and 41% equity interest was owned by
two Independent Third Parties (except for their interests in Beijing Zhenzhi Medical Technology Co., Ltd.),
namely, Beijing Baiyining Medical Technology Co., Ltd.* (北京百益寧醫學科技有限責任公司) and Zhenhe
(Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd.* (臻和(北京)科技有限公司,
is principally engaged in
technology services and medical research and development.

respectively.

It

(13) The shareholding percentages are rounded to the nearest 2 decimal places, and the total number of the

percentages may not add up to 100% due to rounding.

– 174 –

