BUSINESS

Impact on Rheumatoid Arthritis Morbidity Severity to Human

TNF-␣ Transgenic Mice

hlgG1 1 mg/kg Negative control group
Humira 1 mg/kg Positive control group
UBP1211 0.3 mg/kg Therapy group
UBP1211 1 mg/kg Therapy group
UBP1211 3 mg/kg Therapy group
Normal group

e
r
o
c
S
 
l
a
c
i
n
i
l

C

Time (day)

Source: Preclinical results summary

Clinical Score: was recorded as 0 (normal), 1 (edema or distortion of paw or ankle joints), 2 (distortion of paw
and ankle joints) or 3 (ankylosis of wrist or ankle joints). The sum of all four paws was scored.

Compared with the 1mg/kg Humira therapy, no additional adverse or off-target effect was
observed in the 3mg/kg, 1mg/kg and 0.3mg/kg therapy groups of UBP1211.

Animal trials are different from human trials. In human trials, we administer the fixed dosage
of 40mg during both Phase I and Phase III clinical research in line with the recommended
clinical dosage of Humira. Currently, Phase I and Phase III of UBP1211 clinical trial are
on-going, and the safety of the drug is still under continuous observation.

The preclinical studies,

including the quality parameters, animal efficacy, PK and

toxicity, have demonstrated that UBP1211 is similar to Humira.

Clinical Trials

Based on the initial results of pre-clinical comparison research we conducted between
UBP1211 and Humira, UBP1211 is a biosimilar of adalimumab. NMPA has approved the
clinical trial of UBP1211 and pointed out that we shall conduct relevant trial studies in
accordance with the research technique requirements for biosimilars.

We conducted PK and PD comparison research as well as the safety and efficacy
comparison research with reference to the originator drug in accordance with Technical
Guideline for the Research, Development and Evaluation of Biosimilars (Tentative) (《生物類
似藥研發與評價技術指導原則(試行)》 (“Biosimilar Guideline”)
released by NMPA in
February 2015 and requirements for clinical trial. We carried out clinical trial based on the
Biosimilar Guideline. Phase I of the clinical trial was PK comparison research, while Phase III
focused on efficacy comparison research with a large sample size. In the course of the trial, we
participated in the communication meeting held by CDE in respect of the requirements for
planning and designing the clinical trial of adalimumab. We are of the belief that the clinical
trial conducted by us is in line with the requirements of CDE.

– 210 –

