APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL LEGAL AND
REGULATORY PROVISIONS

This Appendix is a summary of laws and regulations regarding company and security, in
order to provide potential investors with principal legal and regulatory provisions applied to
our Company. This summary does not contain all the materials that is vital for the potential
investors. Please refer to the section headed “Regulatory Overview” for specific laws and
regulations regarding the business of our Company.

PRC LEGAL SYSTEM

separate

regulations,

rules

The PRC legal system is based on the Constitution of the PRC (《中華人民共和國憲法》)
(the “Constitution”) and is made up of written laws, administrative regulations,
local
regulations,
and regulations of
departments, rules and regulations of local governments, international treaties of which the
PRC Government is a signatory, and other regulatory documents. Although court verdicts do
not constitute binding precedents, they may be used for the purposes of judicial reference and
guidance.

autonomous

regulations,

According to the Constitution and the Legislation Law of the PRC (2015 revision) (《中
華人民共和國立法法(2015年修訂)》), the National People’s Congress (the “NPC”) and the
Standing Committee of the NPC are empowered to exercise the legislative power of the State.
The NPC has the power to formulate and amend basic laws governing civil and criminal
matters, state organs and other matters. The Standing Committee of the NPC is empowered to
formulate and amend laws other than those required to be enacted by the NPC and to
supplement and amend any parts of laws enacted by the NC during the adjournment of the
NPC, provided such supplements and amendments are not in conflict with the basic principles
of such laws.

The State Council is the highest organ of the PRC administration and has the power to

formulate administrative regulations based on the Constitution and laws.

The people’s congresses of provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities and their
respective standing committees may formulate local
regulations based on the specific
circumstances and actual requirements of their own respective administrative areas, provided
that such local regulations do not contravene any provision of the Constitution,
laws or
administrative regulations.

The people’s congresses of larger cities and their respective standing committees may
formulate local regulations based on the specific circumstances and actual requirements of
such cities, subject to the constitution, laws, administrative regulations and local regulations
of their respective provinces or autonomous regions, which take effect after approval by the
standing committee of the people’s congresses of provinces or autonomous regions. “Larger
cities” refer to cities where the people’s governments of provinces or autonomous regions are
located, cities where special economic zones are located and larger cities as approved by the
State Council.

– III-1 –

