RISK FACTORS

that

companies provide

Gradually,

third-party payers may require

them with
predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical
products. We cannot guarantee that reimbursement will be available for any drug that we
commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, the level of reimbursement. Reimbursement
may impact the demand for, or the price of, any drug for which we obtain regulatory approval.
If reimbursement is not available or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to
successfully commercialize any drug candidate that we successfully develop.

There may be significant delays in obtaining reimbursement for approved product drugs,
and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the drug is approved by the
NMPA or other comparable regulatory authorities outside the PRC. Moreover, eligibility for
reimbursement does not imply that any drug will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers
our costs, including R&D, manufacturing, sale and distribution. Interim payments for new
drugs, if applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made
permanent. Payment rates may vary according to the use of the drug and the clinical setting in
which it is used, may be based on payments allowed for lower cost drugs that are already
reimbursed, and may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. Net prices for
drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare
programs or private payers. Our inability to promptly obtain coverage and profitable payment
rates from both government-funded and private payers for new drugs that we develop could
have a material adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to
commercialize drugs and our overall financial condition.

We may fail to establish marketing and sales capabilities or fail to enter into agreements
with third parties to market and sell our drug candidates.

We started to build our medical affairs and medical liaison teams in 2018. Maintaining
such in-house teams may require significant expenses, management resources and time. We
will have to compete with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to recruit, hire,
train and retain suitable personnel.

For certain drug products, we may choose to pursue collaborative arrangements regarding
the sales and marketing of our drugs. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able
to establish or maintain such collaborative arrangements, or if we are able to do so, that they
will have effective sales forces. Any revenue we receive will depend upon the efforts of such
third parties, which may not be successful. We may have little or no control over the marketing
and sales efforts of such third parties, and our revenue from product sales may be lower than
commercializing our drug candidates ourselves. We also face competition in our search for
third parties to assist us with the sales and marketing efforts of our drug candidates.

There can be no assurance that we will be able to develop in-house sales and commercial
distribution capabilities or establish or maintain relationships with third-party collaborators to
successfully commercialize any product, and as a result, we may not be able to generate
product sales revenue.

– 66 –

