BUSINESS

Territory; (2) apply for and obtain approvals of the CSPC Combo in the Territory; and (3)
market and sell the CSPC Combo in the Territory. The Company and its affiliates shall not
grant any right or license of its JS001 to any third party for the purpose of development and
commercialization of the CSPC Combo in the Territory. CSPC and its affiliates shall only
collaborate with us to develop and commercialize the CSPC Combo.

For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in the CSPC Agreement limits our right to sell JS001
in any jurisdiction on a standalone basis or as part of any combination other than with
albumin-bound paclitaxel for the treatment of breast cancer.

Payment and IP

CSPC agrees to pay to the Company a milestone payment of RMB30 million at each of
the five milestone events (i.e. up to an aggregate of RMB150 million) leading to the product
approval and issuance of product licence by the NMPA for the CSPC Combo. All IP rights
related to the CSPC Combo, to the extent solely discovered, invented or developed under the
CSPC Agreement, shall be jointly owned by the Company and CSPC.

Cooperation with UTHealth

In August 2018, we entered into a patent & technology license agreement (the “PTLA”)
with the Board of Regents of The University of Texas System (who acted for and on behalf of
The University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston, an agency of the State of Texas)
(“UTHealth”) in relation to the use, development and commercialization of the patent and
technology rights relating to monoclonal antibodies against certain protein coding gene for
diagnostic and cancer therapeutic use (“New Patent and Technology”). Pursuant to the PTLA,
we will incorporate a new company (“Newco”) in Texas of the United States and at least 50%
of the share capital of the Newco will be held by us and another designated company for the
purpose of this cooperation with UTHealth. Summarized below are the principal terms of the
PTLA.

Licensing and Exclusivity

UTHealth granted to us a royalty-bearing exclusive license to manufacture, distribute,
use, offer for sale, sell, lease, loan and/or import any products relating to the New Patent and
Technology in the diagnostic and therapeutic use of certain antibodies in humans and animals
in cancer, autoimmune diseases, ophthalmology diseases, bone diseases, kidney diseases and
cardiovascular disease worldwide and to perform any services relating to the New Patent and
Technology worldwide.

We also have the right to extend the license granted to us to our affiliates or sublicense

to any third party in accordance with the terms of the PTLA.

– 228 –

