DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Lin obtained his master’s degree in global economics from Fudan University, the PRC
in June 1997 and his master’s degree in business administration from Harvard University, the
United States in June 2003. Save as disclosed above, Mr. Lin is not and has not been a director
of any other listed companies in Hong Kong or overseas in the past three years.

Independent Non-executive Directors

Dr. Chen Lieping (陳列平), aged 61, was appointed as an independent non-executive
Director on June 24, 2018. Dr. Chen has over 35 years in the medical and pharmaceutical R&D
and education industry. He discovered B7-H1 (also called PD-L1) molecule in 1999,
demonstrated the role of PD-L1 in the evasion of immunity in tumor microenvironment,
established the PD-1/PD-L1 pathway as the target for immuno-oncology in 1999-2002,
initiated and helped organize the first-in-man clinical trial of anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody
for treating human cancer in 2006 and developed PD-L1 staining as a biomarker to predict
treatment outcome. Dr. Chen’s experience includes:
the
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company; in 1997, he was a professor in the Johns Hopkins University
School of Medicine and Mayo Clinic; in 2004, Dr. Chen joined the faculty at School of
Medicine of Johns Hopkins University. Since 2011, Dr. Chen has held various positions at the
School of Medicine of Yale University, including Professor of Immunobiology, Professor of
Medicine (medical oncology), Professor of Dermatology, co-director of
the Cancer
Immunology Program at Yale Cancer Center and United Technologies Corporation Professor in
Cancer Research. He also worked on SPORE in Lung Cancer at the School of Medicine of Yale
University.

in 1990, he was a scientist at

As of the Latest Practicable Date, Dr. Chen was the chairman of the board of directors and
directly interested in 60% of the equity interest of Fuzhou Tuoxin Tiancheng Biological
Technology Co., Ltd.* (福州拓新天成生物科技有限公司) (“Fuzhou Tuoxin”), which was a
limited liability company established in the PRC on April 17, 2017 with a registered capital of
RMB2 million. According to its business licence, Fuzhou Tuoxin is licensed to engage in
business activities including, among others, R&D in biological and pharmaceutical areas. As
confirmed by Dr. Chen, Fuzhou Tuoxin focused on the area of cellular immunotherapy in
practice and it currently maintains a minimal operation with no substantial business. Our
Company is of the view that as Fuzhou Tuoxin has no substantial business operation or R&D
activities, Fuzhou Tuoxin is not in competition with us. Dr. Chen has undertaken to our
Company to keep us promptly and fully informed of his business or other activities which
would or is likely to be in conflict or in competition (or may potentially compete) with our
Group. If Fuzhou Tuoxin becomes engage in any operation or R&D that compete (or may
potentially compete) with us, our Company will disclose such information in our annual report
during the tenure of Dr. Chen following the Listing.

As of the Latest Practicable Date, Dr. Chen was a director and directly interested in 15%
of the equity interest of Dayou Huaxia Biotech Medical Group Co. Ltd.* (大有華夏生物醫藥
集團有限公司) (“Dayou Huaxia”), which was a limited liability company established in the
PRC on September 27, 2016 with a registered capital of RMB300 million. According to its
business licence, Dayou Huaxia is licensed to engage in business activities including, among

– 266 –

