INFORMATION ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS AND THE GLOBAL OFFERING

(iii) agrees with us and each of our Shareholders that the H Shares are freely transferable

by the holders thereof; and

(iv) authorizes us to enter into a contract on his or her behalf with each of our Directors,
Supervisors, managers and officers whereby such Directors, Supervisors, managers
and officers undertake to observe and comply with their obligations to our
Shareholders as stipulated in our Articles of Association. Persons applying for or
purchasing H Shares under the Global Offering are deemed, by their making an
application or purchase, to have represented that they are not Associates of any of
our Directors or existing Shareholder or a nominee of any of the foregoing.

STABILIZATION AND OVER-ALLOTMENT OPTION

Details of the arrangements relating to the Over-allotment Option and stabilization are set

out in the section headed “Structure of the Global Offering” in this prospectus.

LANGUAGE

If there is any inconsistency between this prospectus and the Chinese translation of this
prospectus, this prospectus shall prevail. Names of any laws and regulations, governmental
authorities, institutions, natural persons or other entities (including certain of our subsidiaries)
which have been translated into English and included in this prospectus and for which no
official English translation exists are unofficial translations for your reference only.

ROUNDING

Any discrepancies in any table in this prospectus between total and sum of amounts listed
therein are due to rounding. Certain amounts and percentage figures included in this prospectus
have been subject to rounding adjustments or have been rounded to one or two decimal places.
Accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of
the figures preceding them.

MARKET SHARE DATA CONVENTION

The statistical and market share information contained in this prospectus has been derived
including information or data
from official government publications and other sources,
provided by Frost & Sullivan. Unless otherwise indicated,
the information has not been
verified by us independently. This statistical information may not be consistent with other
statistical information from other sources within or outside the PRC. While reasonable caution
has been made in the process of reproducing the data and statistics extracted from such official
government publications or other sources, the Sole Sponsor and our Company, or any of their
directors,
the
appropriateness, accuracy, completeness or reliability of any such statistical and market share
information.

representatives make

representation

no

employees,

agents,

and

to

– 108 –

