FINANCIAL INFORMATION

You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and
in conjunction with our consolidated financial information included in Appendix I –
“Accountants’ Report” to this prospectus, together with the accompanying notes. Our
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS, which
may differ in material aspects from generally accepted accounting principles in other
jurisdictions. We have applied IFRS 9 and IFRS 15, which became effective for annual
periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018, to our financial statements during the
Track Record Period. For details, see “– Early Application of IFRS 9 and IFRS 15”. You
should read the entire Accountants’ Report and not merely rely on the information
contained in this section.

The following discussion and analysis contain forward-looking statements that
involve risks and uncertainties. These statements are based on assumptions and analysis
that we make in light of our experience and perception of historical trends, current
conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors we believe are
appropriate under the circumstances. However, our actual results may differ significantly
from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause future
results to differ significantly from those projected in the forward-looking statements
include, but are not limited to, those discussed in “Risk Factors” and “Forward-Looking
Statements” in this prospectus.

OVERVIEW

We are an innovation-driven biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery and
development of innovative drugs and their clinical research and commercialization on a global
scale. We have a robust pipeline of 13 biologic drug candidates as of the Latest Practicable
Date, including seven immuno-oncology biologic drug candidates, two drug candidates for
metabolic diseases, three drug candidates targeting inflammation or autoimmune diseases, and
one drug candidate to treat neurologic diseases, covering a wide variety of indications with
high unmet medical needs. Currently, we have one anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody near
commercial stage and being reviewed by the NMPA for NDA approval, one anti-TNF␣
monoclonal antibodies expected to complete patient enrollment for Phase III clinical trial in the
near future, one anti-PCSK9 monoclonal antibody undergoing Phase I clinical
trial, one
anti-BLyS monoclonal antibody expected to commence patient enrollment for Phase I clinical
trial in 2019 and one anti-PD-L1 monoclonal antibody preparing for clinical trial following the
receipt of IND approval. We have not commercialized any drugs and therefore did not record
any revenue from sales of drug products during the Track Record Period.

BASIS OF PRESENTATION

Our consolidated financial statements for the Track Record Period have been prepared in
accordance with the accounting policies which conform with the IFRS issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board and were audited in accordance with the Hong Kong
Standards on Auditing issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. In
addition, our financial
information includes applicable disclosures required by the Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange and complied with the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance. The functional currency of the Company is RMB, which is the same as
the presentation currency of our financial information.

– 292 –

