RISK FACTORS

sites, countries and regions and populations involved in such trials. A number of companies in
the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in advanced
clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or adverse safety profiles, notwithstanding promising
results in earlier trials.

Even if our future clinical trial results show favorable efficacy and impressive durability
of antitumor responses, not all patients may benefit. For certain drugs, including checkpoint
inhibitors, and in certain indications, it is likely that the majority of patients may not respond
to the agents at all, some responders may relapse after a period of response and certain tumor
types may appear particularly resistant.

If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical
development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected.

trials, our clinical

The timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends,
among other things, on our ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the
trial until its conclusion. We may experience difficulties in patient enrollment in our clinical
trials for a variety of reasons, including the size and nature of the patient population and the
patient eligibility criteria defined in the protocol.

to enroll

in our trials may instead opt

Our clinical trials will likely compete with other clinical trials for drug candidates that are
in the same therapeutic areas as our drug candidates, and this competition will reduce the
number and types of patients available to us, because some patients who might have opted to
enroll
in a trial being conducted by one of our
competitors. Because the number of qualified clinical investigators and clinical trial sites is
limited, we expect to conduct some of our clinical trials at the same clinical trial sites that some
of our competitors use, which will reduce the number of patients who are available for our
clinical trials at such clinical trial sites. Even if we are able to enroll a sufficient number of
patients in our clinical trials, delays in patient enrollment may result in increased costs or may
affect the timing or outcome of the planned clinical trials, which could prevent completion of
these trials and adversely affect our ability to advance the development of our drug candidates.

Some of our drug candidates represent a novel approach to therapeutic needs that could
result in delays in clinical development, regulatory approval or commercialization.

Some of our drug candidates represent a novel approach to therapeutic needs compared
with more commonly used medical methods, which carries inherent development risks. Any
modification to the protocols related to the demonstration of safety or efficacy of our drug
candidates may delay the clinical program, regulatory approval or commercialization,
if
approved, and we may be required to supplement, modify, or withdraw and refile our
applications for regulatory approval. In addition, potential patients and their doctors may be
inclined to use conventional standard-of-care treatments rather than trying out a novel
approach. Further, given the novelty of our drug candidates, patients and medical personnel

– 57 –

