SHARE CAPITAL

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

The relevant Domestic Shares will be withdrawn from the Domestic Shares register
and re-registered on our H Share register maintained in Hong Kong on the condition
that:

–

–

our H Share Registrar lodges with the Stock Exchange a letter confirming the
proper entry of the relevant Shares on the H Share register and the due dispatch
of Share certificates; and

the admission of the H Shares (converted from the Domestic Shares) to trade
in Hong Kong will comply with the Listing Rules and the general rules of
CCASS and CCASS Operational Procedures in force from time to time.

Upon completion of the conversion, the shareholding of the relevant holder of
Domestic Shares in our Domestic Share register will be reduced by such number of
Domestic Shares converted and the number of H Shares in the H Share register will
correspondingly increase by the same number of Shares.

We will comply with the Listing Rules to inform Shareholders and the public by way
of an announcement of such fact not less than three days prior to the proposed
effective date.

RESTRICTIONS OF SHARE TRANSFER BY DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Our Directors, Supervisors and senior management shall declare their shareholdings in
our Company and any changes in their shareholdings. Shares transferred by our Directors,
Supervisors and members of the senior management each year during their term of office shall
not exceed 25% of their total respective shareholdings in our Company. The Shares that the
aforementioned persons held in our Company cannot be transferred within one year from the
date on which the Shares are listed and traded on a stock exchange, nor within half a year after
they leave their positions in our Company. The Articles of Association may contain other
restrictions on the transfer of our Shares held by our Directors, Supervisors and senior
management.

SHAREHOLDERS’ GENERAL MEETINGS AND CLASS MEETINGS

For details of circumstances under which our Shareholders’ general meeting and
Shareholders’ class meeting are required, please see subsections headed “Summary of Articles
of Association – VI. Requirements on General Meetings” and “Summary of Articles of
Association – V. Voting Rights (Generally Relating to Rights on Poll or Rights to Demand a
Poll)” in Appendix IV to this prospectus.

EMPLOYEES’ SHARE INCENTIVES

Please also refer to “Statutory and General Information – 2. Further Information about our
Business – C. Share Incentives” in Appendix V for details of the Share Incentive Scheme and
the Pre-IPO Options.

– 291 –

