RISK FACTORS

We may not be able to protect our IP rights throughout the world.

Filing, prosecuting, maintaining and defending patents on drug candidates in all countries
throughout the world could be prohibitively expensive for us, and our IP rights in some
non-PRC countries can have a different scope and strength than those in the PRC. In addition,
the laws of certain non-PRC countries do not protect IP rights to the same extent as the PRC
laws do. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our
inventions in all countries outside the PRC, or from selling or importing drugs made using our
inventions in and into the PRC or non-PRC jurisdictions.

Competitors may use our technology to develop and sell drugs in jurisdictions where we
have not obtained IP rights or where IP right protection may be inadequate. These drugs may
compete with our drug candidates and our patent rights or other IP rights may not be effective
or adequate to prevent them from competing.

We currently have trademark applications pending, any of which may be the subject of a
governmental or third-party objection, which could prevent the maintenance or issuance of the
same. If we are unsuccessful in obtaining trademark protection for our primary brands, we may
be required to change our brand names which could materially adversely affect our business.
Moreover, as our products mature, our reliance on our trademarks to differentiate us from our
competitors increases and as a result, if we are unable to prevent third parties from adopting,
registering or using trademarks and trade dress that infringe, dilute or otherwise violate our
trademark rights, our business could be materially adversely affected.

trade

secrets

favor

Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending IP
the
rights in certain jurisdictions. The legal systems of some countries do not
enforcement of patents,
relating to
biopharmaceutical products, which could make it difficult in those jurisdictions for us to stop
the infringement or misappropriation of our patents or other IP rights, or the marketing of
competing drugs in violation of our proprietary rights. Proceedings to enforce our patent and
other IP rights in non-PRC jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts
and attention from other aspects of our business.

IP, particularly those

and other

Furthermore, such proceedings could put our patents at risk of being invalidated, held
unenforceable, or interpreted narrowly, could put our patent applications at risk of not being
granted, and could provoke third parties to assert claims of infringement or misappropriation
against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other
remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to
enforce our IP rights around the world may be inadequate to preserve the significant
commercial advantage that we may obtain from the IP that we develop.

– 71 –

