STRUCTURE OF THE GLOBAL OFFERING

(d)

the obligations of the Underwriters under the respective Underwriting Agreements
becoming and remaining unconditional (including, if relevant, as a result of the
waiver of any conditions by the Lead Global Coordinator, on behalf of the
Underwriters) and not having been terminated in accordance with the terms of the
respective agreements in each case on or before the dates and times as specified in
the Underwriting Agreements (unless and to the extent such conditions are validly
waived on or before such dates and times) and in any event no later than the date
which is 30 days after the date of this prospectus).

If, for any reason, the Offer Price is not agreed between our Company and the Lead
Global Coordinator (for itself and on behalf of the Underwriters) on or before December
21, 2018, the Global Offering will not proceed and will lapse immediately.

The completion of each of the Hong Kong Public Offering and the International Placing
is conditional upon, among other things, the other offering becoming unconditional and not
having been terminated in accordance with their respective terms.

of

and

our

Stock

Exchange

If the above conditions are not fulfilled or waived prior to the times and dates specified,
the Global Offering will lapse and the Stock Exchange will be notified immediately. Notice of
the lapse of the Hong Kong Public Offering will be published by our Company in the South
China Morning Post (in English) and the Hong Kong Economic Times (in Chinese) and on the
websites
at
www.junshipharma.com on the next Business Day following such lapse. In such eventuality,
all application monies will be returned, without interest, on the terms set out in the section
headed “How to Apply for Hong Kong Offer Shares – Refund of Application Monies”. In the
meantime, all application monies will be held in separate bank account(s) with the receiving
bank or other bank(s) in Hong Kong licensed under the Banking Ordinance (Chapter 155 of the
Laws of Hong Kong) (as amended).

at www.hkexnews.hk

Company

Share certificates for the Offer Shares will only become valid certificates of title at 8:00
a.m. on the Listing Date provided that (i) the Global Offering has become unconditional in all
respects, and (ii) the right of termination as described in the section headed “Underwriting –
Underwriting Arrangement and Expenses – Hong Kong Public Offering” has not been
exercised.

H SHARES WILL BE ELIGIBLE FOR CCASS

All necessary arrangements have been made enabling the H Shares to be admitted into the
Central Clearing and Settlement System, or CCASS, established and operated by the Hong
Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited, or HKSCC.

If the Stock Exchange grants the listing of, and permission to deal in, the H Shares and
our Company complies with the stock admission requirements of HKSCC, the H Shares will
be accepted as eligible securities by HKSCC for deposit, clearance and settlement in CCASS
with effect from the date of commencement of dealings in the H Shares on the Stock Exchange
or any other date HKSCC chooses. Settlement of transactions between participants of the Stock
Exchange is required to take place in CCASS on the second Business Day after any trading day.

– 363 –

