APPENDIX I

Intangible assets

Intangible assets acquired separately

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less accumulated
amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite useful lives is
recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation
method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted
for on a prospective basis.

Internally-generated intangible assets – research and development expenditure

Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities is recognised if, and only if all of

the following have been demonstrated:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

the technical feasibility of completing the intangible assets so that it will be available for use or sale;

the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

the ability to use or sell the intangible assets;

the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to
use or sell the intangible asset; and

the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its
development.

The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure incurred
from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally-
generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is recognised in profit or loss in the period
in which it is incurred.

Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less accumulated
amortisation and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired
separately.

Impairment on tangible and intangible assets other than goodwill (see the accounting policy in respect of
goodwill above)

At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible and intangible assets
with finite useful lives to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment
loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the
extent of the impairment loss (if any).

When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an asset individually, the Group estimates the
recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. When a reasonable and consistent basis
of allocation can be identified, corporate assets are also allocated to individual cash-generating units, or otherwise
they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis
can be identified.

Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in
use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects
current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a cash-generating unit)
for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

– I-22 –

