EXPECTED TIMETABLE(1)

Notes:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

All times refer to Hong Kong local time, except as otherwise stated. Details of the structure of the Global
Offering, including its conditions, are set out in the section headed “Structure of the Global Offering”.

You will not be permitted to submit your application through the designated website at www.hkeipo.hk after
11:30 a.m. on the last day for lodging applications. If you have already submitted your application and
obtained a payment reference number from the designated website prior to 11:30 a.m., you will be permitted
to continue the application process (by completing payment of application monies) until 12:00 noon on the last
day for lodging applications, when the application lists close.

If there is a tropical cyclone warning signal number 8 or above or a “black” rainstorm warning signal in force
in Hong Kong at any time between 9:00 a.m. and 12:00 noon on Friday, December 14, 2018 the application
lists will not open on that day. Further information is set out in the section headed “How to Apply for Hong
Kong Offer Shares – Effect of bad weather on the opening of the application lists”.

Applicants who apply for Hong Kong Offer Shares by giving electronic application instructions to HKSCC
should refer to the section headed “How to Apply for Hong Kong Offer Shares – Applying by giving electronic
application instructions to HKSCC via CCASS” for details.

The Price Determination Date is expected to be on or around Monday, December 17, 2018 and, in any event,
no later than Friday, December 21, 2018. If, for any reason, the Offer Price is not agreed between the Lead
Global Coordinator, on behalf of the Underwriters, and us by Friday, December 21, 2018, the Global Offering
will not proceed and will lapse.

Applicants who apply for 1,000,000 or more Hong Kong Offer Shares and have provided all information
required by your Application Forms may collect refund cheques (where applicable) and Share certificates
(where applicable) in person from our H Share Registrar, Tricor Investor Services Limited from 9:00 a.m. to
1:00 p.m. on Friday, December 21, 2018. Applicants being individuals who are eligible for personal collection
must not authorize any other person to make collection on their behalf. Applicants being corporations who are
eligible for personal collection must attend by their authorized representatives each bearing a letter of
authorization from his corporation stamped with the corporation’s chop. Both individuals and authorized
representatives (if applicable) must produce, at the time of collection, evidence of identity acceptable to the
H Share Registrar. Uncollected refund cheques and Share certificates will be dispatched promptly by ordinary
post to the addresses as specified in the applicants’ Application Forms at the applicants’ own risk. Details of
the arrangements are set out in section headed “How to Apply for Hong Kong Offer Shares”.

Applicants who apply through the HK eIPO White Form service and paid their applications monies through
single bank accounts may have refund monies (if any) dispatched to their application payment bank account,
in the form of e-Auto Refund payment instructions. Applicants who apply through the HK eIPO White Form
service and paid their application monies through multiple bank accounts may have refund monies (if any)
dispatched to the address as specified in their application instructions to the HK eIPO White Form Service
Provider, in the form of refund cheques, or by ordinary post at their own risk.

(8)

Refund cheques will be issued in respect of wholly or partially unsuccessful applications, and also in respect
of successful applications if the Offer Price is less than the price payable on application.

H Share certificates will only become valid certificates of title provided that the Global
Offering has become unconditional in all respects and that the Underwriting Agreements have
not been terminated in accordance with their terms prior to 8:00 a.m. on the Listing Date.

The above expected timetable is a summary only. You should read carefully the sections
headed “Underwriting”, “Structure of the Global Offering” and “How to Apply for Hong Kong
Offer Shares” for details relating to the structure of the Global Offering, procedures on the
applications for Hong Kong Offer Shares and the expected timetable, including conditions,
effect of bad weather and the dispatch of refund cheques and H Share certificates.

– ii –

