RISK FACTORS

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

release or expiry of lock-up or other transfer restrictions on our H Shares;

sales or anticipated sales of additional H Shares; and

the general economy and other factors.

Moreover, shares of other companies listed on the Stock Exchange with significant
operations and assets in China have experienced price volatility in the past, and it is possible
that our H Shares may be subject to changes in price not directly related to our performance.

Our Domestic Shares are currently listed on NEEQ. The historic and future market price
of Domestic Shares on NEEQ may not be indicative of the performance of our H Shares after
the Global Offering due to different characteristics of the PRC capital markets and the Hong
Kong capital market.

You will incur immediate and significant dilution and may experience further dilution if
we issue additional H Shares in the future.

The Offer Price of the Offer Shares is higher than the net tangible asset value per Share
immediately prior to the Global Offering. Therefore, purchasers of the Offer Shares in the
Global Offering will experience an immediate dilution in pro forma consolidated net tangible
asset value to HK$5.68 per Share, based on the mid-point of the Offer Price range of
HK$19.88. There can be no assurance that if we were to immediately liquidate after the Global
Offering, any assets will be distributed to Shareholders after the creditors’ claims. To expand
our business, we may consider offering and issuing additional H Shares in the future.
Purchasers of the Offer Shares may experience dilution in the net tangible asset value per Share
of their H Shares if we issue additional H Shares in the future at a price which is lower than
the net tangible asset value per Share at that time.

Future sales or perceived sales of our H Shares in the public market by major
Shareholders following the global offering could materially and adversely affect the price
of our H Shares.

Prior to the Global Offering, there has not been a public market for our H Shares. Future
sales or perceived sales by our existing Shareholders, or issuance by us of significant amounts
of our H Shares after the Global Offering, could result
in a significant decrease in the
prevailing market prices of our H Shares. Only a limited number of the H Shares currently
outstanding will be available for sale or issuance immediately after the Global Offering due to
contractual and regulatory restrictions on disposal and new issuance. Nevertheless, after these
restrictions lapse or if they are waived, future sales of significant amounts of our H Shares in
the public market or the perception that these sales may occur could significantly decrease the
prevailing market price for our H Shares and our ability to raise equity capital in the future.

– 89 –

