BUSINESS

The Phase I clinical trial is a randomized double-blind trial to compare the similarities
between UBP1211 and Humira. The safety data were collected from all subjects in the study
without distinguishing between the two drugs. As at June 25, 2018, a total of 154 subjects were
enrolled in the study. As of the Latest Practicable Date, our UBP1211 clinical trial, including
Phase I and Phase III, is on-going. As such, we have yet to provide specific PK and PD
statistics. We expect to complete Phase I and III clinical trials of UBP1211 and communicate
with NMPA regarding registration trial results in 2019.

Development Collaboration with Jiangsu T-mab BioPharma Co., Ltd (“T-mab”)

In August 2017, we

entered into a

and
commercialization agreement with T-mab, a biotech company focused on the development of
biologics.

research, development

collaborative

According to the collaborative agreement, the parties agreed to jointly develop UBP1211
and share all relevant IP. T-mab agrees to provide us with full R&D support including the
exchange of clinical data with us. T-mab will bear the initial R&D cost of RMB10 million,
while incremental R&D costs will be borne equally by T-mab and us. Net profit from the
commercial sales of UBP1211 shall by equally shared between T-mab and us. T-mab seperately
agreed to grant us a loan of up to RMB60.0 million repayable within two years. According to
the collaborative agreement, T-mab is obligated to complete the construction and inspection of
workshops in compliance with GMP standard for manufacturing UBP1211, and is responsible
for the sales of UBP1211 based on the sales plans formulated together with us.

Market Opportunity and Competition

Adalimumab recorded worldwide sales of US$18.9 billion in 2017. However,

its
excessive product price has adversely affected its sales in the PRC. According to the F&S
Report, driven by a combination of favorable factors, including rising medical demand from
insurance system with anti-TNF-␣ agents
expanding patient pool,
reimbursement coverage and rising market penetration rate, Humira biosimilars sales are
expected to achieve a CAGR of 41.3% in China between 2017 and 2022.

improving medical

The TNF-␣ antagonist drugs currently marketed in the PRC mainly consist of: golimumab
(Simponi) by Johnson&Johnson, etanercept (Enbrel) by Wyeth, infliximab (Remicade) by
Johnson & Johnson and adalimumab (Humira). Among these, the Chinese trade name of
etanercept is “恩利”, and it has three similar drugs in the PRC, namely “益賽普” of Sunshine
Guojian Pharmaceutical (Shanghai) Co.,Ltd. (三生國健藥業(上海)股份有限公司), “強克” of
Shanghai Celgen Biopharma Co., Ltd. (上海賽金生物醫藥有限公司) and “安佰諾” of Zhejiang
Hisun Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (浙江海正藥業股份有限公司), which were launched in 2005,
2011 and 2015, respectively. The Chinese trade name of Infliximab is “類克”, and currently it
has no biosimilar drugs marketed in the PRC. There are nine pharmaceutical companies
approved by the NMPA to conduct clinical trials for anti-TNF-␣ monoclonal antibody in the
PRC, five of which, including us, are in or beyond Phase III trials.

– 211 –

