FINANCIAL INFORMATION

(3) The fair value changes of our financial liabilities which we had designated as at
FVTPL attributable to our credit risk change are insignificant during the Track
Record Period and thus the measurement difference for the fair value changes of our
financial liabilities designated as at FVTPL attributable to the credit risk change
under IFRS 9 and IAS 39 has no significant impact on our profit or loss during the
Track Record Period.

IFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” replaces IAS 18 “Revenue” to report
useful information to users of financial statements about the nature, amount, timing and
uncertainty of revenue and cash flow arising from a contract with a customer. The standard is
effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018 and earlier application is
permitted. We have elected to early apply IFRS 15, which has been applied consistently in the
Track Record Period.

there was no significant

We have assessed the effects of early adoption of IFRS 15 on our financial statements and
impact on the Group’s financial position and
concluded that
performance as compared to the requirements of IAS 18 except that contract liabilities are
recognized for our obligation to transfer goods or provide consultancy services to a customer
for which we have received consideration from the customer under IFRS 15.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

In the application of our accounting policies, which are described in Note 4 to the
Accountants’ Report in Appendix I to this prospectus, our Directors are required to make
judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that
are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are
based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual
results may differ from these estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions
to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised if the
revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the
revision affects both current and future periods.

Critical Judgements in Applying Accounting Policies

The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimates, that our
Directors have made in the process of applying our accounting policies and that have the most
significant effect on the amounts recognized in our financial information.

Research and Development Expenses

Research and development expenses incurred on our drug product pipelines are
capitalized and deferred only when we can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing
the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale, our intention to complete and

– 295 –

