SUMMARY

OUR BUSINESS STRATEGIES

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

Focus on the advancement and commercialization of existing drug candidates

Rapidly expand our product pipeline

Scale up our macromolecules fermentation capacity and lower production cost

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

in

identifying,

developing

We are a pioneer in the R&D of biopharmaceuticals in the PRC. We have made significant
efforts
other
pharmaceutical drug candidates. We have a leading edge in the emerging field of immuno-
oncology and for treatment of autoimmune and metabolic diseases in the PRC. Our innovative
field is expected to expand to include more types of drug discovery, including small molecule
drugs and antibody drug conjugates, as well as the exploration of the next-generation
innovative therapies for cancer and autoimmune diseases.

commercializing

biotechnology

and

and

Our integrated R&D capabilities are proven by a track record of success. We have a robust
pipeline of 13 drug candidates, 11 of which, namely JS001 to JS011, are innovative drugs
developed by ourselves while the remaining two, namely UBP1211 and UBP1213, were jointly
developed by us and third parties. We believe our research platform for immuno-oncology and
a molecular screening platform for drug molecule are internationally advanced, and we have
two innovative drugs in the research product pipeline which have the potential to be global
first-in-class drugs. More target exploration and verification work is currently carried out. With
the continued process of the research work, more drug candidates will enter into our future
development pipeline to provide innovative impetus
sustainable
development.

the company’s

for

We have established an integrated technology system covering the entire process of
protein drugs from the early R&D stage to industrialization, which comprises seven key
technology platforms: (1) the automated high-efficiency screening platform for antibody
selection and functional assays, (2) human transmembrane receptor array and high-throughput
screening platform, (3) antibody humanization and construction platform, (4) high-yielding
stable expression cell lines screening and establishment platform, (5) CHO cell fermentation
process development platform, (6) antibody purification process development and formulation
optimization platform and (7) antibody quality research, control and assurance platform.

– 8 –

