APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Transaction costs relating to the issue of the convertible loan notes are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

The Group issued the convertible loan notes for specific purpose for construction of a new biologics
manufacturing facility. Therefore, the effective interest relating to the debt component of the convertible loan notes
is eligible for capitalisation and is deducted from the fair value changes of convertible loan notes designated at
FVTPL.

Financial liabilities subsequently measured at amortised cost

Financial liabilities that are not designated as at FVTPL are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the

effective interest method.

The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and of
allocating interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts
estimated future cash payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the
effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial
liability, or (where appropriate) a shorter period, to the amortised cost of a financial liability.

Foreign exchange gains and losses

For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency and are measured at amortised cost at the
end of each reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined based on the amortised cost of
the instruments. These foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss in the ‘other gains and
losses’ line item for financial liabilities that are not part of a designated hedging relationship.

The fair value of financial liabilities denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign currency
and translated at the spot rate at the end of the reporting period. For financial liabilities that are measured as at
FVTPL, the foreign exchange component forms part of the fair value gains or losses and is recognised in profit or
loss.

Derivative financial instruments

The Group enters into foreign exchange forward contracts to manage its exposure to foreign exchange rate

risks. Further details of derivative instruments are disclosed in Note 23.

Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date when derivative contracts are entered into and are
subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is recognised
in profit or loss immediately.

Derecognition of financial liabilities

The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
cancelled or expire. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the
consideration paid and payable, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognised in
profit or loss.

5.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCE OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 4, the directors of the
Company are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on
historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these
estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in
the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

– I-29 –

