FINANCIAL INFORMATION

our ability to use or sell the asset, how the asset will generate future economic benefits, the
availability of resources to complete the pipeline and the ability to measure reliably the
expenditure during the development. Research and development expenses which do not meet
these criteria are expensed when incurred. Management will assess the progress of each of the
research and development projects and determine the criteria met for capitalization. All
research and development expenses were expensed when incurred during the Track Record
Period.

Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty

The key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation of
uncertainty at the end of the Track Record Period, that may have a significant risk of causing
a material judgement to the carrying amount of assets and liabilities within the coming 12
months are described below:

Useful Lives and Estimated Impairment on Property, Plant and Equipment

Our management determines the estimated useful lives and the depreciation method in
determining the related depreciation charges for our property, plant and equipment. This
estimate is reference to useful lives of property, plant and equipment of similar nature and
functions in the industry. Management will increase the depreciation charge where useful lives
are expected to be shorter than expected, or will write-off or write-down obsolete assets that
have been abandoned or sold.

As at December 31, 2016 and 2017 and June 30, 2018, the carrying amount of our
property, plant and equipment not classified as held for sale amounted to approximately
RMB168.5 million, RMB359.6 million and RMB520.5 million, respectively.

Fair Value of Convertible Loan Notes Designated at Fair Value through Profit or Loss

The Company has issued convertible loan notes to an investor during the Track Record
Period. We designated the financial instrument as financial liabilities at fair value through
profit or loss (“FVTPL”) in which no quoted prices in an active market exist. The fair value
of the financial instrument is established by using binomial options pricing model. Valuation
techniques are certified by an independent and recognized international business valuer before
being implemented for valuation and are calibrated to ensure that outputs reflect market
conditions. Valuation models established by the valuer make the maximum use of market inputs
and rely as little as possible on our specific data. However, it should be noted that some inputs,
such as fair value of the ordinary shares of the Company, and discount for lack of marketability,
require management estimates. Management estimates and assumptions are reviewed
periodically and are adjusted if necessary. Should any of the estimates and assumptions
changed, it may lead to a change in the fair value of the financial liabilities at FVTPL. The fair
value of the financial liabilities at FVTPL as at December 31, 2016, December 31, 2017 and
June 30, 2018 was nil, nil and RMB209.6 million, respectively.

– 296 –

