FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Interest rate risk

We are exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate borrowings and
convertible loan notes as set out in Notes 26 and 27 of the Accountants’ Report in Appendix
I to this prospectus respectively. We are also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation
to variable-rate pledged bank deposits and bank balance as set out
in Note 24 of the
Accountants’ Report in Appendix I to this prospectus. Our cash flow interest rate risk is mainly
concentrated on the fluctuation of interest rates on bank balances and pledged bank deposits.
We currently do not have interest rate risk hedging policy. However, our directors closely
monitor the exposure to future cash flow interest rate risk as a result of change on market
interest rate and will consider hedging changes in market interest rates should the need arise.

Other price risk

We are exposed to security price risk through our debt instrument classified as FVTOCI,
unlisted equity investment including in other financial assets and convertible loan notes as
disclosed in Notes 23 and 27 of the Accountants’ Report in Appendix I to this prospectus. Our
management monitors the price risk and will consider hedging the risk exposure should the
need arises.

Credit Risk

Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations
resulting in financial loss to us. Management uses publicly available financial information and
our own historical repayment records to rate other debtors. Our exposure and the credit ratings
of our counterparties are continuously monitored and the aggregate value of transactions
concluded is spread amongst approved counterparties.

We determine the expected credit losses on these items based on the financial quality of
debtors and historical credit loss experience based on the past due status of the debtors,
adjusted as appropriate to reflect current conditions and estimates of
future economic
conditions.

We have considered the expected credit loss of amounts due from counterparties based on
their financial qualities. We assessed that the trade receivables and other receivables had low
credit risk at their initial recognition and did not change in credit risk since then. Specifically:

(1) We applied simplified approach for trade receivables for our biological reagent sales
business. Considering the historical default rate is low and no material economics
changes which impact our customers’ credit qualities, we assessed that the expected
credit loss rate for those customers is consistent as at December 31, 2016 and 2017.
During the period ended June 30, 2018, we disposed of our biological reagent sales
business and therefore had no trade receivable balance as at June 30, 2018; and

– 327 –

