APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL LEGAL AND
REGULATORY PROVISIONS

Meetings of the board of directors shall be held only if half or more of the directors are
present. Resolutions of the board of directors shall be passed by more than half of all directors.
Each director shall have one vote for resolutions to be approved by the board of directors.
Directors shall attend board meetings in person. If a director is unable to attend a board
meeting, he/she may appoint another director by a written power of attorney specifying the
scope of the authorization to attend the meeting on his/her behalf.

If a resolution of the board of directors violates the laws, administrative regulations or the
articles of association, and as a result of which the company sustains serious losses, the
directors participating in the resolution are liable to compensate the company. However, if it
can be proved that a director expressly objected to the resolution when the resolution was voted
on, and that such objection was recorded in the minutes of the meeting, such director may be
released from that liability.

Minutes shall be prepared by the board of directors for the decisions on the matters
discussed at each of the meetings of the board of directors. The directors present at the meeting
shall affix their signatures thereto.

The board of directors shall appoint a chairperson and may appoint a vice chairperson.
The chairperson and the vice chairperson are elected with approval of more than half of all the
directors. The chairperson shall convene and preside over board meetings and examine the
implementation of board resolutions. The vice chairperson shall assist
the work of the
chairperson. In the event that the chairperson is incapable of performing or not performing
his/her duties, the duties shall be performed by the vice chairperson. In the event that the vice
chairperson is incapable of performing or not performing his/her duties, a director nominated
by more than half of the directors shall perform his/her duties.

Supervisors

A joint stock limited company shall have a board of supervisors composed of not less than
three members. The board of supervisors is made up of representatives of the shareholders and
an appropriate proportion of representatives of the employees of the company. The actual
proportion shall be stipulated in the articles of association, provided that the proportion of
representatives of
the supervisors.
Representatives of the employees of the company in the board of supervisors shall be
democratically elected by the employees at
representative assembly,
employees’ general meeting or otherwise.

the employees shall not be less than one third of

the employees’

The directors and senior management may not act concurrently as supervisors.

Circumstances under which one may not serve as a director shall apply to the supervisors.

– III-11 –

