APPENDIX IV

SUMMARY OF ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

Under any of the following circumstances, the Board shall convene an extraordinary

general meeting within two months:

1)

2)

3)

4)

The number of directors is less than that is required by the PRC Company Law or
two-third of the number of directors specified in the Articles of Association;

The accrued losses of the Company amount to one-third of the total amount of its
share capital;

The shareholder(s) holding ten percent or more of the Company’s outstanding issued
shares carrying voting rights request(s) in writing the convening of an extraordinary
general meeting;

It is deemed necessary by the Board or requested by the Supervisory Committee to
convene an extraordinary general meeting;

5) More than two of the independent directors propose to convene the meeting;

6)

Such other circumstance specified in the laws, administrative regulations,
departmental rules, listing rules of stock exchange where the Company’s shares
listed or the Articles of Association.

The venue for convening the general meeting shall be the domicile of the Company or

other specific places notified by the general meeting conveners.

VII. ACCOUNTING AND AUDIT

Our Company shall establish its financial and accounting system in accordance with
relevant laws and administrative regulations, and PRC accounting standards formulated by the
competent financial authorities under the State Council. Our Company shall prepare a financial
report at the end of each fiscal year, and such financial report shall be audited in compliance
with laws.

Apart from the China Accounting Standards and regulations, the financial statements of
our Company shall also conform to international accounting standards and the accounting
standards of overseas areas where our Company’s H Shares are listed. In the event of any major
discrepancy between the financial statements prepared in accordance with the above
accounting standards, explanations and notes, must be provided in the financial statements. As
to the distribution of after-tax profits of our Company in a fiscal year, the after-tax profits
indicated on the two sets of financial statements, whichever is lower shall prevail.

Our Company shall not keep accounts other than those required by law. Our Company’s

assets are not deposited in an account opened in the name of any persons.

– IV-13 –

