INFORMATION ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS AND THE GLOBAL OFFERING

Save as disclosed in this prospectus, and that our Domestic Shares are listed on the NEEQ
and the 2018 Convertible Bonds are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, no part of our
share capital is listed on or dealt in on any other stock exchange and no such listing or
permission to list is being or proposed to be sought on the Stock Exchange or any other stock
exchange as of the date of this prospectus. All the Offer Shares will be registered on our H
Share Registrar in order to enable them to be traded on the Stock Exchange.

Under section 44B(1) of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions)
Ordinance, any allotment made in respect of any application will be invalid if the listing of,
and permission to deal in, the H Shares on the Stock Exchange is refused before the expiration
of three weeks from the date of the closing of the application lists, or such longer period (not
exceeding six weeks) as may, within the said three weeks, be notified to us for permission by
or on behalf of the Stock Exchange.

COMMENCEMENT OF DEALINGS IN THE SHARES

Assuming that the Hong Kong Public Offering becomes unconditional in Hong Kong at
or before 8:00 a.m. in Hong Kong on Monday, December 24, 2018, it is expected that dealings
in our H Shares on the Stock Exchange will commence on Monday, December 24, 2018. The
H Shares will be traded in board lots of 1,000 H Shares each, the stock code of the H Shares
will be 1877.

H SHARES WILL BE ELIGIBLE FOR ADMISSION INTO CCASS

Subject to the granting of the listing of, and permission to deal in, the Offer Shares on the
Stock Exchange and our compliance with the stock admission requirements of HKSCC, the H
Shares will be accepted as eligible securities by HKSCC for deposit, clearance and settlement
in CCASS with effect from the date of commencement of dealings in the H Shares on the Stock
Exchange or any other date as determined by HKSCC. Settlement of transactions between
participants of the Stock Exchange is required to take place in CCASS on the second business
day after any trading day. All activities under CCASS are subject to the General Rules of
CCASS and CCASS Operational Procedures in effect from time to time. All necessary
arrangements have been made for the H Shares to be admitted into CCASS.

Investors should seek the advice of their stockbrokers or other professional advisers for
details of the settlement arrangements and how such arrangements will affect your rights and
interests as such arrangements may affect their rights and interests.

PROFESSIONAL TAX ADVICE RECOMMENDED

Potential investors in the Global Offering are recommended to consult their professional
advisers if they are in any doubt as to the taxation implications of subscribing to, purchasing,
holding or disposing of, and/or dealing in the H Shares (or exercising rights attached thereto).
None of us, the Joint Global Coordinators, the Joint Bookrunners, the Joint Lead Managers, the
Sole Sponsor, the Underwriters, any of our or their respective directors, agents, employees or

– 106 –

