WAIVERS FROM STRICT COMPLIANCE WITH THE LISTING RULES AND

EXEMPTIONS FROM STRICT COMPLIANCE WITH THE COMPANIES

(WINDING UP AND MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS) ORDINANCE

Bonds has been exercised and without taking into account any Shares which may be issued
upon the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option). Pre-IPO Options in respect of 225,000
Domestic Shares were granted to 13 Grantees who had already left our Group, thus a total of
225,000 Pre-IPO Options had lapsed following cessation of their employment. The salient
terms of the Share Incentive Scheme and of the Share Incentive Agreements are set out in the
section headed “Statutory and General Information – 2. Further Information about our Business
– C. Share Incentives” in Appendix V to this prospectus.

Among the 5,798,000 outstanding Pre-IPO Options granted to 255 Grantees, 280,000
Pre-IPO Options were granted to three connected persons (namely, (i) to Ms. Wang Shixu (an
associate of Mr. Wu Hai (our executive Director)), (ii) to Mr. Liu Hongchuan (our Supervisor)
and to Mr. Gao Yucai (our Supervisor)), and to one senior management (namely, Ms. Chen
Yingge (our company secretary)). These Pre-IPO Options relate to an aggregate of 280,000
Domestic Shares, representing approximately 0.04% of our issued share capital of 760,310,000
Shares immediately after the Global Offering (assuming the Over-allotment Option is not
exercised and without taking into account the 2018 Convertible Bonds and before exercise of
the Pre-IPO Options). The remaining 251 Grantees are all existing employees of our Group as
of the Latest Practicable Date. For further details of the Pre-IPO Options granted to them,
please refer to “Statutory and General Information – 2. Further Information about our Business
– C. Share Incentives – 4. Summary of Grantees” in Appendix V to this prospectus.

Our Company has applied to (i) the Stock Exchange for a waiver from strict compliance
with the disclosure requirements under Rule 17.02(1)(b) of and paragraph 27 of Appendix 1A
to the Listing Rules; and (ii) the SFC for a certificate of exemption under section 342A of the
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance from strict compliance with
the requirements of Paragraphs 10(d) of Part I of the Third Schedule of the Companies
(Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance on the ground that strict compliance
with the said requirements would be unduly burdensome for our Company because given that
268 Grantees are involved, strict compliance with disclosure requirements in setting out full
details of all the Grantees in this prospectus will require substantial number of pages of
additional disclosure, and would be costly and unduly burdensome for our Company in light
of a significant increase in cost and timing for document preparation and printing.

Our Directors are of the view that the grant of such waivers and exemption sought will
not prejudice the interests of the investing public because disclosure of key information of the
Share Incentive Agreements, the Share Incentive Scheme and the Pre-IPO Options granted in
“Statutory and General Information – 2. Further Information about our Business – C. Share
Incentives” in Appendix V to this prospectus should provide potential investors with sufficient
information to make an informed assessment of the potential dilutive effect and impact on
earnings per Share of the Pre-IPO Options in their investment decision making process, and
short of full compliance with the disclosure requirements under Rule 17.02(1)(b) of and
paragraph 27 of Appendix 1A to the Listing Rules and under paragraph 10 of Part I of the Third

– 100 –

