STRUCTURE OF THE GLOBAL OFFERING

Prospective applicants for and investors in the Offer Shares should note that:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

the Stabilizing Manager or any person acting for it may, in connection with the
stabilizing action, maintain a long position in our H Shares;

there is no certainty as to the extent to which and the time or period for which the
Stabilizing Manager or any person acting for it will maintain such a long position;

liquidation of any such long position by the Stabilizing Manager or any person
acting for it and selling in the open market, may have an adverse impact on the
market price of our H Shares;

no stabilizing action can be taken to support the price of our H Shares for longer
than the stabilization period, which will begin on the Listing Date, and is expected
to expire on the 30th day after the last date for lodging applications under the Hong
Kong Public Offering. After this date, when no further stabilizing action may be
taken, demand for our H Shares, and therefore the price of our H Shares, could fall;

the price of our H Shares cannot be assured to stay at or above the Offer Price by
the taking of any stabilizing action; and

stabilizing bids or transactions effected in the course of the stabilizing action may
be made at any price at or below the Offer Price and can, therefore, be done at a
price below the price paid by applicants for, or investors in, the Offer Shares.

As a result of effecting transactions to stabilize or maintain the market price of the H
Shares, the Stabilizing Manager, or any person acting for it, may maintain a long position in
the H Shares. The size of the long position, and the period for which the Stabilizing Manager,
or any person acting for it, will maintain the long position is at the discretion of the Stabilizing
Manager and is uncertain. In the event that the Stabilizing Manager liquidates this long
position by making sales in the open market, this may lead to a decline in the market price of
the H Shares.

Stabilizing action by the Stabilizing Manager, or any person acting for it, is not permitted
to support the price of the H Shares for longer than the stabilizing period, which begins on the
day on which trading of the H Shares commences on the Stock Exchange and ends on the 30th
day after the last day for the lodging of applications under the Hong Kong Public Offering. The
stabilizing period is expected to end on January 13, 2019. As a result, demand for the H Shares
and their market price, may fall after the end of the stabilizing period. These activities by the
Stabilizing Manager may stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of the H
Shares. As a result, the price of the H Shares may be higher than the price that otherwise may
exist in the open market. Any stabilizing action taken by the Stabilizing Manager, or any person
acting for it, may not necessarily result in the market share of the H Shares staying at or above
the Offer Price either during or after the stabilizing period. Bids for or market purchases of the
H Shares by the Stabilizing Manager, or any person acting for it, may be made at a price at or

– 359 –

