BUSINESS

stage and the remaining eight preclinical candidates were expected to file for IND in
succession in three years in accordance with our R&D plan. Meanwhile, we aim to develop two
to three new drug candidates every year.

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

JS001, ortoripalimab, is an anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody. According to the F&S
Report, the two existing anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody products commercially
available in the global market, namely Opdivo and Keytruda, recorded total sales of
USD9.6 billion in 2017, while the market for PD1/PD-L1 monoclonal antibodies is
expected to reach USD78.9 billion globally in 2030.

We believe the great market potential of JS001, combined with its favorable safety
profile and response rate based on clinical data, will
lead to its significant
contribution to our financial performance in the near future after its planned
commercial production commences. As immunotherapy gradually becomes a basic
anti-tumor therapy alongside traditional radiotherapy and chemotherapy, anti-PD-1
antibodies will become the backbone of combined or sequential therapies and JS001
will provide an important combination therapy candidate for our
follow-up
immunotherapeutic products.

UBP1211 is a biosimilar of Humira (adalimumab) used for the treatment of
autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis. Humira ranked first among all
medicines globally by sales for six consecutive years up to and including 2017 with
sales totaling USD18.9 billion in 2017. We believe UBP1211, with its relatively
lower R&D risk as a biosimilar as compared to innovative drugs, serves to diversify
our risk profile and can provide a hedge against risks associated with our innovative
drug candidates. This gives us a more balanced portfolio of drug candidates and
enriches our product line of anti-inflammatory drugs.

JS002 is an anti-PCSK9 monoclonal antibody and this type of mAb has been
approved by the FDA for the treatment of hyperlipidemia and the prevention of
cardiovascular events. The prevalence of hypercholesterolemia in China reached
79.3 million in 2017 and is expected to grow to 95.9 million in 2022 with a CAGR
of 3.9%, according to the F&S Report. We believe the action mechanism of JS002
is differentiated from the currently available lipid-lowering medications, and the
launch of JS002 could benefit a large number of patients with hypercholesterolemia.

UBP1213 is an anti-BLyS monoclonal antibody for the treatment of systemic lupus
erythematosus and other autoimmune diseases. There are more than one million
patients with systemic lupus erythematosus in the PRC and no effective treatment
method has been found so far other than immunosuppressant and hormonotherapy.
UBP1213 reduces the production of antibodies against autoantigens by inhibiting
the specific function of B cells, achieving long-term relief of systemic lupus
erythematosus, reducing systemic hormone use, and reducing the recurrence of
flare. The launch of UBP1213 will provide new and effective treatment options for
patients with systemic lupus erythematosus in China.

– 181 –

