RELATIONSHIP WITH OUR SINGLE LARGEST SHAREHOLDER

OVERVIEW

Mr. Xiong Jun, together with his father Mr. Xiong Fengxiang, are the single largest
Shareholder combined taking into account also the voting rights of the Other Concert Parties
under the Concert Party Agreements as of the Latest Practicable Date. Mr. Xiong Jun is deemed
to control,
through the Concert Parties Agreements, 183,050,736 Domestic Shares,
representing approximately 30.44% of the issued share capital of our Company as of the Latest
Practicable Date, and which will represent approximately 24.08% of our issued share capital
immediately after the Global Offering (assuming the Over-allotment Option is not exercised
and without regard to the Pre-IPO Options and the 2018 Convertible Bonds).

For details, please refer to the section headed “Our History and Development – Concert
Party Agreements” in respect of the Concert Parties Agreements and “Directors, Supervisors
and Senior Management – Executive Directors” in this prospectus for the biography of Mr.
Xiong Jun.

INDEPENDENCE OF OUR BUSINESS

We believe that we are capable of carrying on our business independently of Mr. Xiong

Jun and Mr. Xiong Fengxiang upon Listing for the following principal reasons:

Operational Independence

Our Company has full rights to make all decisions on, and to carry out, our own business
operations independently. We hold the licenses, intellectual properties, R&D facilities (whether
through direct ownership and/or leasing agreement) and qualifications necessary to carry on
our current business. We have sufficient capital, facilities,
technology and employees to
operate the business independently from Mr. Xiong Jun and Mr. Xiong Fengxiang. We have
access to third parties independently from and not connected with Mr. Xiong Jun or Mr. Xiong
Fengxiang for sources of suppliers and customers.

Based on the above, our Directors believe that we are operationally independent from Mr.

Xiong Jun and Mr. Xiong Fengxiang.

Management Independence

Our management and operational decisions are made by the Board in a collective manner.
The Board comprises six executive Directors,
four non-executive Directors and five
independent non-executive Directors. Save and except for Mr. Xiong Jun (who is our Chairman
of the Board, legal representative and executive Director), none of our Directors or members
of senior management is a party to the Concert Parties Agreements. Our other Directors have
relevant experience to ensure the proper functioning of the Board.

– 248 –

