BUSINESS

Confidentiality. Each party to the service agreement is obligated to keep confidential all
confidential information received from the other party and not to reveal, disclose or otherwise
publish confidential information to third parties without prior consent from the other party. The
obligation of confidentiality generally remains in effect after the completion or termination of
the service agreement.

Others. We remain responsible for any cost incurred under the agreement if the clinical

results are not satisfactory due to the quality, safety or efficacy of the drug itself.

During the Track Record Period, we did not experience any material return of supplies
due to quality defects or any significant delays or shortage of supply of raw materials. We
expect to be able to maintain adequate sources of quality supplies in the future.

COMPETITION

The development and commercialization of new drugs is highly competitive. We face
competition with respect to our current drug candidates, and will face competition with respect
to any drug candidates that we may seek to develop or commercialize in the future, from
pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies worldwide. There are a number of
large
pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that currently market and sell drugs or are
pursuing the development of drugs for the treatment of diseases for which we are developing
our drug candidates. Some of these competitive drugs and therapies are based on scientific
approaches that are the same as or similar to our approach, and others are based on entirely
different approaches. Potential competitors also include academic institutions, government
agencies and other public and private research organizations that conduct research, seek patent
protection and establish collaborative arrangements for research, development, manufacturing
and commercialization.

Many of the companies against which we are competing or may compete in the future
have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in R&D, manufacturing, preclinical
testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved
drugs than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries
may result
in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our
competitors. Smaller and other early-stage companies may also become significant
competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established
companies. These third parties compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific
and management personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical
trials, as well as in acquiring technology complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. For
further details of the specific competition landscape with respect to our drug candidates, please
refer to “– Our Product Pipeline” above.

– 238 –

