IMPORTANT

IMPORTANT: If you are in any doubt about any of the contents of this prospectus, you should obtain independent professional advice.

SHANGHAI JUNSHI BIOSCIENCES CO., LTD.*

上 海 君 實 生 物 醫 藥 科 技 股 份 有 限 公 司

(A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

GLOBAL OFFERING

Total number of Offer Shares under the
Global Offering
Number of Hong Kong Offer Shares

Number of International Placing Shares

Offer Price

Nominal value
Stock code

: 158,910,000 H Shares (subject to the

Over-allotment Option)

: 15,892,000 H Shares (subject to

adjustment)

: 143,018,000 H Shares (subject to

adjustment and the Over-allotment
Option)

: Not more than HK$20.38 per H Share

and expected to be not less than
HK$19.38 per H Share, plus brokerage
of 1%, SFC transaction levy of
0.0027% and Stock Exchange trading
fee of 0.005% (payable in full on
application in Hong Kong Dollars,
subject to refund)

: RMB1.00 per H Share
: 1877

Sole Sponsor and Lead Global Coordinator

Joint Global Coordinators, Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Managers

Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Managers

Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited, The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited take no responsibility for the
contents of this prospectus, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in
reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this prospectus.
A copy of this prospectus, having attached thereto the documents specified in “Documents Delivered to the Registrar of Companies and Available for Inspection – Documents
Delivered to the Registrar of Companies in Hong Kong” in Appendix VI to this prospectus, has been registered by the Registrar of Companies in Hong Kong as required by section
342C of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Chapter 32 of the Laws of Hong Kong). The Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong
and the Registrar of Companies in Hong Kong take no responsibility for the contents of this prospectus or any other document referred to above.
We are incorporated, and a substantial part of our businesses are located, in the PRC. Potential investors should be aware of the differences in the legal, economic and financial
systems between the PRC and Hong Kong, and the fact that there are different risks relating to investment in PRC incorporated companies. Potential investors should also be aware
that the regulatory framework in the PRC is different from the regulatory framework in Hong Kong, and should take into consideration the different market nature of the H Shares.
Such differences and risk factors are set forth in “Risk Factors”, “Appendix III – Summary of Principal Legal and Regulatory Provisions” and “Appendix IV – Summary of Articles
of Association”.
The Offer Price is expected to be fixed by agreement between the Lead Global Coordinator, on behalf of the Underwriters, and us on the Price Determination Date. The Price
Determination Date is expected to be on or around Monday, December 17, 2018 (Hong Kong time) and, in any event, no later than Friday, December 21, 2018 (Hong Kong time).
The Offer Price will be not more than HK$20.38 per Offer Share and is currently expected to be not less than HK$19.38 per Offer Share unless otherwise announced. If, for any
reason, the Offer Price is not agreed by Friday, December 21, 2018 (Hong Kong time) between the Lead Global Coordinator (on behalf of the Underwriters) and us, the Global
Offering will not proceed and will lapse.
Applicants for Hong Kong Offer Shares are required to pay, on application, the maximum Offer Price of HK$20.38 for each Hong Kong Offer Share together with brokerage fee
of 1%, SFC transaction levy of 0.0027% and Stock Exchange trading fee of 0.005%, subject to refund if the Offer Price as finally determined is less than HK$20.38.
The Lead Global Coordinator (for itself and on behalf of the Hong Kong Underwriters), and with our consent may, where considered appropriate, reduce the number of
Hong Kong Offer Shares and/or the indicative Offer Price range below that is stated in this prospectus (which is HK$19.38 to HK$20.38) at any time prior to the morning
of the last day for lodging applications under the Hong Kong Public Offering. In such case, notices of the reduction in the number of Hong Kong Offer Shares and/or the
indicative Offer Price range will be published in the South China Morning Post (in English) and the Hong Kong Economic Times (in Chinese) as soon as practicable
following the decision to make such reduction, and in any event not later than the morning of the day which is the last day for lodging applications under the Hong Kong
Public Offering. Such notices will also be available on the website of our Company at www.junshipharma.com and on the website of the Stock Exchange at
www.hkexnews.hk. Further details are set forth in “Structure of the Global Offering” and “How to Apply for Hong Kong Offer Shares” in this prospectus. If applications
for Hong Kong Offer Shares have been submitted prior to the day which is the last day for lodging applications under the Hong Kong Public Offering, in the event that the number
of Offer Shares and/or the indicative Offer Price range is so reduced, such applications can subsequently be withdrawn.
The obligations of the Hong Kong Underwriters under the Hong Kong Underwriting Agreement are subject to termination by the Lead Global Coordinator (for itself and
on behalf of the Hong Kong Underwriters) if certain grounds arise prior to 8:00 a.m. on the Listing Date. Such grounds are set out in the section headed “Underwriting
– Underwriting Arrangements and Expenses – Hong Kong Public Offering – Grounds for termination” in this prospectus.
The Offer Shares have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act or any state securities law in the United States and may be offered and sold only (a) in the
United States to “Qualified Institutional Buyer” in reliance on Rule 144A under the US Securities Act or another exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, registration
under the US Securities Act and (b) outside the United States in an offshore transaction in accordance with Regulation S under the US Securities Act.

*

For identification purpose only

December 11, 2018

