(cid:129)

(cid:129)

FINANCIAL INFORMATION

manufacturing, marketing and sales, among other things. Moreover, to support our
business growth, we also expect to expand our headcount, particularly for our
research and development team and marketing and sales team, and incur higher staff
costs as a result.

The entry of our drug products in the National Medical Insurance Drug Catalogue
Insurance Drug Catalogues. The entry of our drug
and Provincial Medical
candidates, mainly including JS001 and UBP1211 upon commercialization, in the
National Medical Insurance Drug Catalogue and Provincial Medical Insurance Drug
Catalogues may significantly increase the demand for such products. Under the
national medical
insurance program in the PRC, patients are entitled to
reimbursement of all or a portion of the cost of pharmaceutical products listed in
these catalogues. As a result, the entry in these catalogues will typically increase the
demand for the listed products.

Financing for our operations. During the Track Record Period, we devoted
substantially all of our resources on the research and development of our drug
candidates, mainly including JS001 and UBP1211. We financed our operations
principally through a combination of income generated from debt and equity
securities offerings,
collaboration
agreements, capital contribution from our Shareholders and government grants.
Upon successful commercialization of our drug candidates, we expect to fund our
business activities mainly with revenue derived from sales of drug products as well
as debt and equity securities offerings. Any changes in our ability to fund our
operations may have an impact on our cash flow plan.

consulting and research services,

loans,

EARLY APPLICATION OF IFRS 9 AND IFRS 15

IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments” replaces IAS 39 “Financial Instruments” for recognition
and measurement for financial assets and liabilities. The standard is effective for annual
periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018 and earlier application is permitted. We have
elected to early apply IFRS 9, which has been applied consistently in the Track Record Period.

We have assessed the effects of early adoption of IFRS 9 on our financial statements and
impact on the Group’s financial position and

concluded that
performance as compared to the requirements of IAS 39. Specifically:

there was no significant

(1) All our financial assets and financial liabilities would be measured on the same
bases under IFRS 9 and IAS 39 except for our investments in debt instruments. The
debt instruments meet the FVTOCI criteria and therefore the fair value changes of
the debt
and
accumulated under the heading of investment revaluation reserve under IFRS 9 as
opposed to in profit or loss under IAS 39 during the Track Record Period;

recognized in other

comprehensive

instruments

are

income

(2) The application of expected credit loss model under IFRS 9 would not cause a
material impact on the impairment loss allowance for our financial assets measured
at amortized cost during the Track Record Period as compared with the incurred loss
model under IAS 39; and

– 294 –

