DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

(e)

in addition, pursuant to the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix 14
to the Listing Rules, the Board will regularly review whether each of the Directors
is spending sufficient time in performance of his responsibilities. Our Board will,
from time to time, review the attendance record of the Directors of their meetings
with the Board and its committees. The Board may request the relevant Director(s)
to provide an update to the Board in relation to any changes to his significant
commitments in the event any concerns arise as to the time committed to us by any
Director. At the time where any re-election of Director is proposed, we will also set
out in the circular to our Shareholders and/or explanatory statement accompanying
the notice of the relevant general meeting the reasons why the Board believes such
individual should be elected, why such individual is considered to be independent
by the Board and, if appropriate or otherwise required, whether such individual
would be able to devote sufficient time to the Board.

Dr. He also held various other positions,

including serving as a chair professor of
Southern University of Science and Technology of China, Cheung Kong Visiting Chair
Professor of the Ministry of Education, executive director and academic member of the China
Society for Finance and Banking, and financial consultant for Quanzhou government.

(worker-peasant-soldier

Dr. He graduated from Heilongjiang University, the PRC in August 1978 majoring in
mathematics
student), obtained his double master’s degree in
computer science and decision science engineering from Shanghai Jiao Tong University, the
PRC in November 1983 and obtained his Ph.D. degree in finance from the Wharton School of
the University of Pennsylvania, the United States in May 1989. Save as disclosed above, Dr.
He is not and has not been a director of any other listed companies in Hong Kong or overseas
in the past three years.

Mr. Chen Xinjun (陳新軍), aged 45, was appointed as an independent non-executive
Director on June 24, 2018. Mr. Chen’s experiences include: from April 1998 to March 2005,
he worked at
the investment banking department of GF Securities Co., Ltd. and was
responsible for general securities business; from March 2005 to September 2011, he was an
executive general manager at
the investment banking department of Pingan Securities
Company Limited and was responsible for general securities business; from August 2011 to
June 2014, he was a managing director at the investment banking department of Chinalion
Securities Co., Ltd.; since November 2015, he has been a deputy general manager at the
investment banking department of Haitong Securities Co., Ltd.

Mr. Chen obtained his master’s degree in engineering from South China University of
Technology, the PRC in April 1998. He has been qualified as a Chartered Financial Analyst
since March 2007 and a sponsor representative under the Securities Association of China since
2004. Mr. Chen is not and has not been a director of any other listed companies in Hong Kong
or overseas in the past three years.

– 269 –

