RISK FACTORS

Because we have limited financial and managerial resources, we focus on research
programs and drug candidates for specific indications. As a result, we may forego or delay
pursuit of opportunities with other drug candidates or for other indications that later prove to
have greater commercial potential or a greater likelihood of success. Our resource allocation
decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market
opportunities.

Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will ever be able to identify additional
therapeutic opportunities for our drug candidates or to develop suitable potential drug
candidates through internal research programs, which could materially and adversely affect our
future growth and prospects. We may focus our efforts and resources on potential drug
candidates or other potential programs that ultimately prove to be unsuccessful, which may
have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of
operations.

Clinical drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain
outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial
results.

Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is
inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. The results
of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of our drug candidates may not be predictive of
the results of later-stage clinical trials, and initial or interim results of a trial may not be
predictive of the final results. Drug candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show
the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through preclinical studies and
initial clinical trials. In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety and/or
efficacy results between different trials of the same drug candidate due to numerous factors,
including changes in trial procedures and protocols, differences in the size and type of the
patient populations, including genetic differences, patient adherence to the dosing regimen and
other trial protocol elements and the rate of drop out among clinical trial participants. In the
case of any trials we conduct, results may differ from earlier trials due to the larger number of
clinical trial sites and additional countries and languages involved in such trials. A number of
companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant
setbacks in advanced clinical
trials due to lack of efficacy or adverse safety profiles,
notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. Our future clinical trial results may not be
favorable.

Also,

there can be significant variability in safety and/or efficacy results between
different trials of the same product candidate due to numerous factors, including changes in
trial procedures set for the protocols, differences in the size and type of the patient populations,
including genetic differences, patient adherence to the dosing regimen and other trial protocols
and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. In the case of any trials we conduct,
results may differ from early trials due to differences in the number of patients, clinical trial

– 56 –

