RISK FACTORS

We may become involved in legal proceedings to protect or enforce our IP, which could
be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful.

Competitors may infringe our patent rights or misappropriate or otherwise violate our IP
rights. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, litigation may be necessary in the future
to enforce or defend our IP rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and
scope of our own IP rights or the proprietary rights of others. This can be expensive and time
consuming. Any claims that we assert against perceived infringers could also provoke these
parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe their IP rights. Many of our
current and potential competitors have the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to
enforce and/or defend their IP rights than us. Accordingly, we may not be able to prevent third
parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our IP. Litigation could result in substantial
costs and diversion of management resources, which could harm our business and financial
results. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that patent rights or
other IP rights owned by us are invalid or unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party
from using the technology at issue on the ground that our patent rights or other IP rights do not
cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation proceedings could put our
patent, as well as any patents that may issue in the future from our pending patent applications,
at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable or interpreted narrowly. Furthermore, because
of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with IP litigation, there is a risk
that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type
of litigation.

such patent

the defendant may counterclaim that

If we initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce our patent, or any patents
that may issue in the future from our patent applications, that relates to one of our drug
candidates,
rights are invalid or
unenforceable. In patent litigation in the PRC, defendants could counterclaim invalidity or
unenforceability. Third parties may also raise similar claims before administrative bodies in the
PRC or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include ex parte
re-examination, inter partes review, post-grant review, derivation and equivalent proceedings,
such as opposition proceedings. Such proceedings could result in revocation or amendment to
our patents in such a way that they no longer cover and protect our drug candidates. The
outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability can be unpredictable.
With respect to the validity of our patents, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no
invalidating prior art of which we, our patent counsel, and the patent examiner were unaware
during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or
unenforceability, we may lose part or all of the patent protection on our drug candidates. Such
a loss of patent protection could have a material adverse impact on our business.

We may not be able to prevent misappropriation of our trade secrets or confidential
information, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as
in the PRC. Furthermore, because of
the substantial amount of discovery required in
connection with IP litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be
compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation.

– 72 –

