APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL LEGAL AND
REGULATORY PROVISIONS

(cid:129)

other matters considered by the shareholders’ general meeting, by way of an
ordinary resolution, to be of a nature which may have a material impact on the
company and should be adopted by a special resolution.

There is no specific provision in the PRC Company Law regarding the number of
shareholders constituting a quorum in a shareholders’ meeting. Pursuant
to the Special
Regulations and the Mandatory Provisions, shareholders’ general meeting may be convened
where the number of voting shares held by the shareholders present at the meeting reaches
one-half or more of the company’s total voting shares. If this is not attained, the company shall
within five days notify the shareholders again of the matters to be considered and time and
venue of the meeting to shareholders in the form of public announcement. The company may
convene the shareholders’ general meeting after such public announcement. Pursuant to the
Mandatory Provisions, modification or abrogation of
rights conferred to any class of
shareholders shall be passed both by special resolution of shareholders’ general meeting and by
class meeting convened respectively by shareholders of the affected class.

Directors

Under the PRC Company Law, a joint stock limited company shall have a board of
directors, which shall consist of five to nineteen members. Members of the board of directors
may include representatives of the employees of the company, who shall be democratically
elected by the company’s staff at the staff representative assembly, general staff meeting or
otherwise. The term of a director shall be stipulated in the articles of association, but no term
of office shall
last for more than three years. Directors may serve consecutive terms if
re-elected.

A director shall continue to perform his/her duties in accordance with the laws,
administrative regulations and articles of association until a re-elected director takes office, if
re-election is not conducted in a timely manner upon the expiry of his/her term of office, or
if the resignation of directors results in the number of directors being less than the quorum.

Under the PRC Company Law, meetings of the board of directors of a joint stock limited
company shall be convened at least twice a year. Notice of meeting shall be given to all
directors and supervisors ten days before the meeting.

Interim board meetings may be proposed to be convened by shareholders representing
more than ten percent of voting rights, more than one-third of the directors or the supervisors.
The chairperson shall convene and preside over such meeting within ten days after receiving
such proposal. The manner and time limit of notification for convening an interim meeting of
the board of directors may be decided separately.

– III-10 –

