RISK FACTORS

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

although the Biosimilars Guideline adopted a stepwise comparability approach, it
does not contain sufficient details to be regarded as overarching guidelines and it is
also not clear whether the NMPA will take further steps to develop product-specific
guidelines and guidelines addressing issues such as immunogenicity assessment;
and

while under the Biosimilars Guideline biosimilars are subject to the same approval
pathway as innovative biologics with a set of different technical review criteria, it
remains unclear if the time to market for biosimilars will be reduced compared with
the lengthy review process for innovative biologics.

As such, there can be no certainty or assurance that our UBP1211 will be approved under
the Biosimilars Guideline, in a timely manner or at all, and we may not ultimately be able to
develop and market it successfully.

Our drug candidates may cause undesirable AEs or have other properties that could delay
or prevent their regulatory approval, limit their commercial profile or result in significant
post-approval negative consequences.

Undesirable AEs caused by our drug candidates could cause us or regulatory authorities
to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay
or denial of regulatory approval. Results of our trials could reveal a high and unacceptable
severity or prevalence of AEs. In such an event, our trials could be suspended or terminated
and the regulatory authority may order us to cease further development of, or deny approval
of, our drug candidates for any or all targeted indications. For example, undesirable AEs caused
by JS001 may include, but are not limited to, albuminuria, increased lipase, increased amylase
and increased bilirubin. TRAEs could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled
subjects to complete the trial, and could result in potential product liability claims. Any of
these occurrences may harm our reputation, business, financial condition and prospects
significantly.

Additionally, if one or more of our drug candidates receives regulatory approval, and we
or others later identify undesirable AE caused by such drugs, a number of potentially
significant negative consequences could result, including:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

we may suspend marketing of the drug;

regulatory authorities may withdraw approvals or revoke licenses of the drug;

regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label;

we may be required to conduct post-market studies;

we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to subjects or patients; and

our reputation may suffer.

– 60 –

