INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

Certain information and statistics set out in this section and elsewhere in this
prospectus relating to the industry in which we operate are derived from the F&S Report
prepared by Frost & Sullivan, an independent
industry consultant which was
commissioned by us. The information extracted from the F&S Report should not be
considered as a basis for investments in the H Shares or as an opinion of Frost & Sullivan
as to the value of any securities or the advisability of investing in our Company. We
believe that the sources of such information and statistics are appropriate for such
information and statistics and have taken reasonable care in extracting and reproducing
such information and statistics. We have no reason to believe that such information and
statistics are false or misleading or that any fact has been omitted that would render such
information and statistics false or misleading in any material respect. Our Directors have
further confirmed, after making reasonable enquiries and exercising reasonable care,
that there is no adverse change in the market information since the date of publication
of the F&S Report which may qualify, contradict or have an impact on the information
in this section. No independent verification has been carried out on such information and
statistics by us, the Sole Sponsor, the Joint Global Coordinators, the Joint Bookrunners,
the Joint Lead Managers, the Underwriters or any other parties involved in the Global
Offering or their respective directors, officers, employees, advisers, or agents, and no
representation is given as to the accuracy or completeness of such information and
statistics. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on such information and
statistics. Unless and except for otherwise specified, the market and industry information
and data presented in this section is derived from the F&S Report.(1)

OVERVIEW OF THE BIOLOGICS MARKET

Biologics are a type of pharmaceuticals and include, among others, monoclonal
antibodies, recombinant proteins, vaccines, and gene and cell therapies. Compared to chemical
drugs, biologics have superior efficacy and safety profile, fewer side effects and lower toxicity.
With the characterization of structural diversity, selective binding to targets and better
interactions with proteins and other molecules, biologics may be used to treat a variety of
medical conditions for which no other treatments are available.

Biologics are currently the top-selling pharmaceutical products in the world. Among the
ten top-selling drugs in 2017, eight are biologics. The total sales revenue of these eight
biologics was US$67.8 billion, accounting for 82.5% of the aggregated sales revenue of the ten
top-selling drugs in 2017.

Entry barriers to the biologics market are relatively high:

Knowledge-intensive – Development of biologics is a very complex process and requires

integration of knowledge from multiple disciplines and special skill sets.

Note:
(1)

The contract sum to Frost & Sullivan is RMB580,000 for the preparation and use of the F&S Report, and we
believe that such fees are consistent with the market rate. Frost & Sullivan is an independent global consulting
firm, which was founded in 1961 in New York. It offers industry research and market strategies and provides
growth consulting and corporate training. Its industry coverage in China includes healthcare, automotive and
transportation, chemicals, materials and food, commercial aviation, consumer products, energy and power
systems, environment and building technologies,
industrial and
machinery, and technology, media and telecom.

industrial automation and electronics,

In compiling and preparing the F&S Report, Frost & Sullivan has adopted the following assumptions: (i) the
social, economic and political environments in China will remain stable during the forecast period, which will
ensure a sustainable and steady development of the pharmaceutical industry in China; (ii) the pharmaceutical
market in China is expected to grow as expected due to increasing medical demand and healthcare expenditure
as well as improving R&D capabilities of domestic biotechnology companies; (iii) the PRC government will
continue to support healthcare reform by favorable policies, such as expansion of national medical insurance
system, reducing entry barriers for domestic innovative pharmaceutical products listed as reimbursable drugs.

Frost & Sullivan has conducted detailed primary research which involved discussing the status of the industry
with leading industry participants and industry experts. Frost & Sullivan has also conducted secondary
research which involved reviewing company reports, independent research reports and data based on its own
research database. Frost & Sullivan has obtained the figures for the projected total market size from historical
data analysis plotted against macroeconomic data as well as specific related industry drivers.

– 117 –

