INFORMATION ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS AND THE GLOBAL OFFERING

UNDERWRITING

This prospectus is published solely in connection with the Hong Kong Public Offering,
which forms part of the Global Offering. For applicants under the Hong Kong Public Offering,
this prospectus and the Application Forms set out the terms and conditions of the Hong Kong
Public Offering.

The Listing of the Offer Shares on the Stock Exchange is sponsored by the Sole Sponsor.
The Global Offering is managed by the Joint Global Coordinators. The Hong Kong Public
Offering is fully underwritten by the Hong Kong Underwriters pursuant to the Hong Kong
Underwriting Agreement. The
relating to the
International Offering is expected to be entered into on or about the Price Determination Date,
subject to determination of the Offer Price. If, for any reason, the Offer Price is not agreed
among us and the Lead Global Coordinator (on behalf of the Underwriters) by Friday,
December 21, 2018, the Global Offering (including the Hong Kong Public Offering) will not
proceed and will
the Underwriters and the underwriting
arrangements are contained in the section headed “Underwriting” in this prospectus.

International Underwriting Agreement

lapse. Further details about

RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS AND SALES OF THE OFFER SHARES

Each person acquiring the Hong Kong Offer Shares under the Hong Kong Public Offering
will be required to, or be deemed by his, her or its acquisition of the Offer Shares to, confirm
that he, she or it is aware of the restrictions on offers of the Offer Shares described in this
prospectus and the relevant Application Forms.

No action has been taken to permit a public offering of the Hong Kong Offer Shares or
the general distribution of this prospectus and/or the Application Forms in any jurisdiction
other than in Hong Kong. Accordingly, without limitation to the following, this prospectus may
not be used for the purposes of, and does not constitute, an offer or invitation in any
jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which such an offer or invitation is not authorized or
to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or invitation. The distribution of
this prospectus and the offering and sale of the Offer Shares in other jurisdictions are subject
to restrictions and may not be made except as permitted under the applicable securities laws
of such jurisdictions and pursuant
to registration with or authorization by the relevant
securities regulatory authorities or an exemption therefrom.

APPLICATION FOR LISTING OF THE H SHARES ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE

The Listing is sponsored by the Sole Sponsor. We have applied to the Listing Committee
for the granting of the listing of, and permission to deal in, the H Shares to be issued pursuant
to the Global Offering (including any H Shares which may be issued pursuant to the exercise
of the Over-allotment Option).

– 105 –

