RISK FACTORS

RISKS RELATING TO OUR OPERATIONS

Our business depends on our executive Directors and key R&D personnel; if we lose any
of them and are unable to find proper replacements in a timely fashion, our business
prospects could be adversely affected.

We are highly dependent on our executive Directors, four of which are also our key R&D
personnel, to manage our business and develop new products, technology and applications and
to enhance our existing products. We do not have key man life insurance on any of our
executive Directors. The loss of any one of them would have a material adverse effect on our
business and operations.

We compete for qualified personnel with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies, universities and research institutions. The pool of suitable candidates is limited,
and we may be unable to locate a suitable replacement for any executive Director that we lose.
Intense competition for these personnel could cause our compensation costs to increase
significantly, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our
future success and ability to grow our business will depend in part on the continued service of
these individuals and our ability to identify, hire and retain additional qualified personnel. If
we are unable to attract and retain qualified employees, we may be unable to meet our business
and financial goals.

We have significantly increased the size and capabilities of our organization, and we may
experience difficulties in managing our growth.

As at June 30, 2018, we had 354 employees. As our development and commercialization
plans and strategies evolve, we must add a significant number of additional managerial,
operational, manufacturing, medical affairs and medical liaison, financial and other personnel.
Our recent growth and any future growth will impose significant added responsibilities on
members of management, including:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

identifying,
employees;

recruiting,

integrating, maintaining,

and motivating additional

managing our internal development efforts effectively, including the clinical and
regulatory authority review process for our drug candidates, while complying with
our contractual obligations to contractors and other third parties; and

improving our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems
and procedures.

– 75 –

