REGULATORY OVERVIEW

effective and has an acceptable safety profile. These trials typically have at least 2
groups of patients who, in a blinded fashion, receive either the product or a placebo.
Phase 3 clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk-benefit ratio of the
product and provide an adequate basis for product labeling. Generally, two adequate
and well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials are required by the FDA for approval of
a BLA.

(cid:129)

Phase 4. In some cases, the FDA may condition approval of a BLA for a product
candidate on the sponsor’s agreement to conduct additional clinical studies after
approval. In other cases, a sponsor may voluntarily conduct additional clinical
studies after approval
the product. Such post-
approval studies are typically referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials.

to gain more information about

Marketing Approval

Clinical

trials to support BLAs, which are applications for marketing approval, are
typically conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap. In Phase 1, the
initial introduction of the investigational biologic candidate into humans, the investigational
biologic is tested to assess side effects and, if possible, early evidence on effectiveness. Phase
2 usually involves trials in a limited subject population to determine the effectiveness of the
investigational biologic for a particular indication or indications and identify common adverse
effects and safety risks.

to permit

trial sites,

If an investigational biologic demonstrates evidence of effectiveness and an acceptable
safety profile in Phase 2 evaluations, Phase 3 clinical trials are undertaken to obtain additional
information about clinical efficacy and safety in a larger number of subjects, typically at
geographically dispersed clinical
the FDA to evaluate the overall
benefit-risk relationship of the investigational product and to provide adequate information for
its labeling. In most cases, the FDA requires two adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 clinical
trials to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of the biologic for use in a specific indication or
population. A single Phase 3 clinical trial with other confirmatory evidence may be sufficient
in rare instances where the study is a large multicenter trial demonstrating internal consistency
and a statistically very persuasive finding of a clinically meaningful effect on mortality,
irreversible morbidity, or prevention of a disease with a potentially serious outcome and
confirmation of the result in a second trial would be practically or ethically impossible. After
completion of the required clinical testing, a BLA is prepared and submitted to the FDA. FDA
approval of the BLA is required before marketing of the product may begin in the U.S. The
BLA must include the results of all preclinical, clinical and other testing and a compilation of
data relating to the product’s manufacture and controls. The cost of preparing and submitting
a BLA is substantial. The submission of most BLAs is additionally subject to a substantial
application fee, and the holders of approved BLAs are also subject to annual user fees.

– 149 –

