SUMMARY

RISK FACTORS

Our operations and the Global Offering involve certain risks and uncertainties, some of
which are beyond our control and may affect your decision to invest in us and/or the value of
your investment. In particular, as we are a biopharmaceutical company seeking to list on the
Main Board of the Stock Exchange under Chapter 18A of the Listing Rules, there are unique
challenges, risks and uncertainties associated with investing in companies such as ours. See the
section “Risk Factors” for details of our risk factors, which we strongly urge you to read in full
before making an investment in our Shares. Some of the major risks we face include:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

We depend substantially on the successful commercialization of our drug candidates
in the future, which may fail or experience significant delays. Given our high risk
of business failure as a new biopharmaceutical business, you may lose all or part of
your investment if our business fails;

involves a lengthy and expensive process with an
Clinical drug development
uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of
future trial results;

We may fail to complete the regulatory approval processes for our drug candidates,
which are lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable;

We face substantial competition, and others may discover, develop or commercialize
competing drugs before or more successfully than we do;

We may not be able to protect our IP rights throughout the world;

We have a limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate our
current business and predict our future performance; and

Our business depends on our executive Directors and key R&D personnel; if we lose
any of them and are unable to find proper replacements in a timely fashion, our
business prospects could be adversely affected.

MANUFACTURING

In respect of production capability, we have two monoclonal antibody production bases
in China. Our Wujiang Production Base in Suzhou is currently in production as a pilot
production base and will also carry out commercial production. We are carrying out a
technology upgrade of the Wujiang Production Base. Upon the expected completion of such
upgrade by the end of 2018, its fermentation capacity is expected to reach 3,000L. Our Lingang
Production Base is currently under construction in accordance with cGMP standards, the first
two production lines of which will have an aggregate fermentation capacity of 12,000L and are
expected to commence production by the end of 2019.

– 9 –

