REGULATORY OVERVIEW

to the Biosimilars Guideline, a biosimilar drug should in principle have the same amino acid
sequence as the reference product. The CDE examines comparability between a biosimilar and
its reference product through comparative pharmacology data, non-clinical studies and clinical
studies. Under the Biosimilars Guideline,
the CDE expects a structural and functional
characterization of the biosimilar drug when comparing the same to the reference product. The
CDE also adopts a stepwise approach to examine comparability through comparative
pharmacology data, non-clinical studies, and clinical studies.

Prioritized Examination and Approval for Registration of New Drugs

According to the Opinions of the State Council on Reform of the System of Evaluation,
Review and Approval of Drugs and Medical Devices (《國務院關於改革藥品醫療器械審評審
批制度的意見》) promulgated by the State Council
innovation of drugs
oriented toward clinical value shall be encouraged, and the procedure for review, evaluation
and approval of innovative drugs shall be improved, with acceleration of review and evaluation
of innovative drugs that are imperatively needed clinically.

in August 2015,

According to the Announcement of the NMPA on Several Policies on the Appraisal and
Approval of Drug Registration (《國家食品藥品監督管理總局關於藥品註冊審評審批若干政
策的公告》) promulgated by the NMPA in November 2015, (1) as to the clinical
trial
applications for new drugs, one-time approval is implemented and no declaration, appraisal or
approval at different levels will be adopted. (2) as to the registration applications which meet
specific conditions, the applications can be handled in a separate line so as to facilitate their
appraisal and approval.

According to the Opinions on Deepening the Reform of the Evaluation and Approval
Systems and Encouraging Innovation on Drugs and Medical Devices promulgated by the
General Office of the CPC Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council
(《中共中央辦公廳、國務院辦公廳關於深化審評審批制度改革鼓勵藥品醫療器械創新的意
見》) in October 2017, the evaluation and approval of drugs and medical devices urgently
needed for clinical practice shall be accelerated..

According to the Opinions on Encouraging the Prioritized Evaluation and Approval for
Drug Innovations promulgated by the NMPA (《國家食品藥品監督管理總局關於鼓勵藥品創
新實行優先審評審批的意見》) in December 2017, the NMPA would prioritize the examination
and approval on applications of new drugs in particular cases, including (1) applications of new
drugs with significant clinical value satisfying particular conditions; (2) applications of new
drugs with significant clinical advantages preventing or treating particular diseases; (3) other
particular conditions.

According to the Announcement on Optimizing the Evaluation and Approval of Drug
Registration promulgated by the NMPA and the National Health Commission (《國家藥品監
督管理局、國家衛生健康委員會關於優化藥品註冊審評審批有關事宜的公告》) in May 2018,
the PRC government seeks to further simplified and accelerated the clinical trial approval
process.

– 134 –

