APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Despite the aforegoing,
recognition of a financial asset:

the Group may make the following irrevocable election/designation at

initial

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in
other comprehensive income if certain criteria are met; and

the Group may irrevocably designate a debt investment that meets the amortised cost or FVTOCI criteria
as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.

Amortised cost and effective interest method

The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a debt instrument and of

allocating interest income over the relevant period.

The amortised cost of a financial asset is the amount at which the financial asset is measured at initial
recognition minus the principal repayments, plus the cumulative amortisation using the effective interest method of
any difference between that initial amount and the maturity amount, adjusted for any loss allowance. On the other
hand, the gross carrying amount of a financial asset is the amortised cost of a financial asset before adjusting for any
loss allowance.

Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for debt instruments measured subsequently
at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount
of a financial asset except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired. For financial assets
that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate
to the amortised cost of the financial asset. If, in subsequent reporting periods, the credit risk on the credit-impaired
financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised
by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset.

Interest income is recognised in profit or loss and is included in the “other income” line item.

Debt instruments classified as at FVTOCI

Corporate bond held by the Group is classified as at FVTOCI. The listed corporate bond is initially measured
at fair value plus transaction costs. Subsequently, changes in the carrying amount of the corporate bonds as a result
of foreign exchange gains and losses, impairment gains or losses and interest income calculated using the effective
interest method are recognised in profit or loss. The amounts that are recognised in profit or loss are the same as the
amounts that would have been recognised in profit or loss if these corporate bonds had been measured at amortised
cost. All other changes in the carrying amount of these corporate bonds are recognised in other comprehensive
income and accumulated under the heading of investments revaluation reserve. When these corporate bond are
derecognised, the cumulative gains or losses previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified
to profit or loss.

Financial assets at FVTPL

A financial asset is held for trading if:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling it in the near term; or

on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
together and has evidence of a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

it is a derivative (except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and
effective hedging instrument).

Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI are measured

at FVTPL. Specifically:

(cid:129)

Investments in equity instruments are classified as at FVTPL, unless the Group designates an equity
investment that is neither held for trading nor a contingent consideration arising from a business
combination as at FVTOCI on initial recognition.

– I-24 –

