DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Chen Xinjun holds the appropriate professional qualifications as required under Rules 3.10(2)
and 3.21 of the Listing Rules. The primary duties of the audit committee are to assist our Board
by providing an independent view of the effectiveness of the financial reporting process,
internal control and risk management systems of our Group, overseeing the audit process and
performing other duties and responsibilities as assigned by our Board.

Remuneration Committee

Our Company has established a remuneration committee (with effect from the Listing
Date) with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules and
paragraph B.1 of the Corporate Governance Code. The remuneration committee consists of
three independent non-executive Directors being Dr. He Jia, Mr. Qian Zhi and Mr. Chen
Xinjun, and two executive Directors being Mr. Xiong Jun and Dr. Li Ning. The remuneration
committee is chaired by Dr. He Jia. The primary duties of the remuneration committee include
the following: (i) making recommendations to our Board on our policy and structure for all
remuneration of Directors and senior management and on the establishment of a formal and
transparent procedure for developing policy on such remuneration; (ii) determining the specific
remuneration packages of all Directors and senior management; and (iii) reviewing and
approving performance-based remuneration by reference to corporate goals and objectives
resolved by our Board from time to time.

Nomination Committee

Our Company has established a nomination committee (with effect from the Listing Date)
with written terms of reference in compliance with paragraph A.5 of the Corporate Governance
Code. The nomination committee consists of two independent non-executive Directors being
Mr. Chen Xinjun and Mr. Qian Zhi, and one executive Director being Mr. Xiong Jun. The
chairman of the nomination committee is Mr. Xiong Jun. The primary functions of the
nomination committee include reviewing the structure, size and composition of our Board,
assessing
and making
recommendations to our Board on matters relating to the appointment of Directors.

non-executive Directors

independent

the

independence

of

Strategic Committee

Our Company has established a strategic committee (with effect from the Listing Date)
with written terms of reference. The strategic committee consists of three independent
non-executive Directors being Dr. Chen Lieping, Dr. Roy Steven Herbst and Dr. He Jia, and
two executive Directors being Mr. Xiong Jun and Dr. Li Ning. The chairman of the strategic
committee is Mr. Xiong Jun. The primary functions of the strategic committee include
considering and making recommendations to the Board in relation to our Company’s long-term
development strategies and major investment decisions.

– 276 –

