APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

the reporting accountants consider internal control relevant

Our work involved performing procedures to obtain evidence about the amounts and
disclosures in the Historical Financial Information. The procedures selected depend on the
reporting accountants’ judgement, including the assessment of risks of material misstatement
of the Historical Financial Information, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk
assessments,
to the entity’s
preparation of the Historical Financial Information that gives a true and fair view in accordance
with the basis of the preparation set out in Note 2 to the Historical Financial Information in
order to design procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose
of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity’s internal control. Our work also
included evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of
accounting estimates made by the directors of the Company, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the Historical Financial Information.

We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a

basis for our opinion.

Opinion

In our opinion,

the Historical Financial Information gives, for the purposes of the
accountants’ report, a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position at December 31, 2016
and 2017 and June 30, 2018, the Company’s financial position at December 31, 2016 and 2017
and June 30, 2018, and of the Group’s financial performance and cash flows for the Track
Record Period in accordance with the basis of preparation set out in Note 2 to the Historical
Financial Information.

Review of stub period comparative financial information

We have reviewed the stub period comparative financial information of the Group which
comprises the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows of the
Group for the six months ended June 30, 2017 and other explanatory information (the “Stub
Period Comparative Financial Information”). The directors of the Company are responsible for
preparation of the Stub Period Comparative Financial Information in accordance with the basis
of preparation set out in Note 2 to the Historical Financial Information. Our responsibility is
to express a conclusion on the Stub Period Comparative Financial Information based on our
review. We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review
Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent
Auditor of the Entity” issued by the HKICPA. A review consists of making inquiries, primarily
of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other
review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in
accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to
obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified
in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion. Based on our review, nothing has
come to our attention that causes us to believe that the Stub Period Comparative Financial
Information, for the purpose of accountant’s report, is not prepared, in all material respects, in
accordance with the basis of preparation set out
in Note 2 to the Historical Financial
Information.

– I-2 –

