RISK FACTORS

The FDA, NMPA, EMA or a comparable regulatory authority may require more
information, including additional preclinical or clinical data, to support approval, which may
delay or prevent approval and our commercialization plans, or we may decide to abandon the
development program.

Changes in regulatory requirements and guidance may also occur, and we may need to
amend clinical trial protocols submitted to applicable regulatory authorities to reflect these
changes. Amendments may require us to resubmit clinical trial protocols to IRBs or ethics
committees for re-examination, which may impact the costs, timing or successful completion
of a clinical trial.

If we experience delays in the completion of, or the termination of, a clinical trial of any
of our drug candidates, the commercial prospects of that drug candidate will be harmed, and
our ability to generate product sales revenues from any of those drug candidates will be
delayed. In addition, any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow
down our drug candidate development and approval process, and jeopardize our ability to
commence product sales and generate related revenues for that candidate. Any of these
occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. In
addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion
of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our drug
candidates.

Approval pathway for biosimilars in China remains fluid, which may adversely affect the
regulatory approval of our biosimilars drug candidates.

The NMPA issued the Technical Guideline for the Research, Development and Evaluation
of Biosimilars (Tentative) (the “Biosimilars Guideline”) on February 28, 2015. The Biosimilars
Guideline outlines the regulatory framework for biosimilars, aiming to move toward a clear
industry structure for the development of biosimilars. The Biosimilar Guideline does not offer
an alternative pathway for launching biosimilar products in China; rather, biosimilars are
essentially subject to the same approval pathway as innovative biologics, only with a different
set of data requirements. Applicants must mark in their IND and NDA applications that
submissions are intended to be reviewed as biosimilars. No products are known to have
obtained approval in China under the Biosimilar Guideline. In addition, various uncertainties
surrounding the application and interpretation of the Biosimilars Guideline could adversely
affect the regulatory approval of our existing biosimilar drug candidate, namely UBP1211.
Uncertainties surrounding the approval pathway for biosimilars in China include:

(cid:129)

the Biosimilars Guideline is a technical guidance only and cannot address several
fundamental issues for the administration of biosimilars in the absence of a clear
legislative authorization, e.g., the interchangeability with reference products, the
naming rules and the labelling requirements for biosimilars;

– 59 –

