REGULATORY OVERVIEW

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

Phase III: The phase to confirm the therapeutic efficacy. The purpose is to further
verify the safety and efficacy of a drug for patients with targeted indication, to
evaluate the relationship between benefits and risks, and finally to provide sufficient
basis for the registration approval of the drug. The trials usually are random, blind
and controlled clinical trial with sufficient samples.

Phase IV: The applicability study period of new drug after been marketed. The
objective is to investigate the efficacy and adverse reactions under the conditions of
wide use, and to evaluate the relationship between benefits and risks when used by
ordinary and special groups of patients and to improve the dosage of the drug.

for Drug Trials

(《藥物臨床試驗質量管理規範》)

Clinical trials shall be conducted for the application of new drug registration, and the
shall be
Good Clinical Practice
implemented. The Good Clinical Practice for Drug Trials (《藥物臨床試驗質量管理規範》)
stipulates the criteria for the entire procedure of the clinical trial including pre-clinical trial
preparation and the necessary conditions, protection of testees’ rights and interests, protocols,
duties of researchers, duties of sponsors, duties of monitors, trial record and trial report, data
management and statistical analysis, administration of drug products for trial, guarantee for
quality, polycentric trials, with reference to the internationally recognized principles.

New Drug Application

Upon the completion of clinical trials, the applicant can submit a new drug application for
approval to manufacture and launch such new drugs as follows. Upon the acceptance of the
approval, the applicant shall be granted New Drug Certificate and drug approval number.

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

Subsequent to the completion of a clinical trial, the applicant shall fill out the
Application Form for Drug Registration, and submit application dossier
for
production to the competent provincial drug administration department. At the same
time, the applicant shall submit the raw material for the preparation of the standard
product and the relevant standard substance to the National Institute for Food and
Drug Control.

The competent provincial drug administration department shall, within five days
upon acceptance of the application, organize and conduct on-site inspection for the
production and research of the drug and preliminary examination, and shall issue
Examination and Approval Opinions. For drugs other than biological products, the
competent provincial drug administration department shall take sample drugs of
three batches, and notify the drug control institute for re-inspection of standard.

The competent provincial drug administration department
shall, within the
prescribed time limit, submit the Examination and Approval Opinions, inspection
report and application documents to the CDE, and notify the applicant.

– 132 –

