BUSINESS

Cooperation with Hutchison

In October 2018, we entered into a collaboration agreement

(the “Hutchison
Agreement”) with Hutchison MediPharma Limited (“Hutchison”) to collaborate in the
research and development of certain combination therapies for the treatment or prevention of
diseases and conditions in all human therapeutic uses in the field of oncology in the PRC,
the United States and Europe (the “Territory”).
including Hong Kong, Taiwan, Macau,
Summarized below are the principal terms of the Hutchison Agreement.

Licensing and Exclusivity

We granted to Hutchison a non-exclusive, sublicensable, royalty-free license to use
Toripalimab anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody in all human therapeutic uses in the field of
oncology in the Territory in performance of development activities listed in the development
plan. Hutchison also has the right to extend the license granted to it to third parties and
affiliates in accordance with the terms set out in the Hutchison Agreement.

Hutchison granted to us a non-exclusive, sublicensable, royalty-free license to use
Sulfatinib in all human therapeutic uses in the field of oncology in the Territory in performance
of development activities listed in the development plan. We also have the right to extend the
license granted to us to third parties and affiliates in accordance with the terms set out in the
Hutchison Agreement.

We shall remain the sole owner of any know-how and patent rights controlled by us that
is necessary in order to use Toripalimab anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody in the conduct of
development activities in accordance with the development plan. Hutchison shall remain the
sole owner of any know-how and patent rights controlled by Hutchison that is necessary in
order to use Sulfatinib in the conduct of development activities in accordance with the
development plan.

Regarding exclusivity, an exclusivity request can be made with respect

to the
administration of specified dosage quantity of Sulfatinib to a patient with a specified dosage
quantity of Toripalimab anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody (the “Combination Therapy”) in the
Territory.

Development Activities

Under the initial development plans, Hutchison will be the lead party responsible for
conducting development activities in the PRC (excluding Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau). We
will be the lead party responsible for conducting development activities in the Territory other
than the PRC and including Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau. The development activities
include safety run-ins to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the combination therapies.

– 230 –

