RISK FACTORS

regulations that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the PRC or
abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption
of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we
may lose any regulatory approval that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain
profitability, which in turn may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations.

Our business may be affected by the amendments to the Drug Administrative Law of the
PRC.

The Draft Amendments of the Drug Administration Law of the PRC (中華人民共和國藥
品管理法修正草案) (the “DALDA”) was discussed at
the Sixth Session of the Standing
Committee of the 13th National People’s Congress on October 26, 2018. On November 1,
2018, the Legislative Affairs Commission of the Standing Committee of the National People’s
Congress solicited the opinions from the public on the DALDA. As of the Latest Practicable
Date, the DALDA had not been approved by the National People’s Congress or its Standing
Committee.

According to the DALDA released on November 1, 2018, the major changes proposed
include: (1) improving the supervision system for the whole process of drugs; (2) clarifying the
responsibilities in drug supervision; (3) strengthening the punishment of illegal behaviours; (4)
implementing the MAH system; and (5) reforming the drug approval system.

More stringent requirements may be imposed on our daily operations,

if the above
amendments under the DALDA are adopted by the legislative departments and implemented in
the future. There is no assurance that we will always be able to comply with the DALDA and
related regulations or future amendment, if any, to the Drug Administration Law of the PRC.
We could incur additional compliance costs. Further, as the DALDA had not been approved as
of the Latest Practicable Date, its content may be subject to further changes. Even after the
approval of the DALDA, there may be uncertainties as to its interpretation and implementation
as the changes will be new. Any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

A Category 1 designation by the NMPA may be revoked or may not be granted for any of
our drug candidates or may not lead to faster development or regulatory review or
approval process and does not increase the likelihood that our drug candidates will
receive regulatory approval.

We believe the local drug registration pathway, Category 1, is a faster and more efficient
path to approval in the Chinese market than the other drug registration pathways. Companies
are required to obtain clinical trial application approval before conducting clinical trials in
China. This registration pathway has a fast track review and approval mechanism if the drug
candidate is on a national priority list. Four of our five biologic drug candidates that have
obtained IND approval are new therapeutic agents and we have built both R&D, clinical trial

– 62 –

