WAIVERS FROM STRICT COMPLIANCE WITH THE LISTING RULES AND

EXEMPTIONS FROM STRICT COMPLIANCE WITH THE COMPANIES

(WINDING UP AND MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS) ORDINANCE

We have appointed Ms. Yuen Wing Yan Winnie as one of the joint company secretaries.
Ms. Yuen Wing Yan Winnie is a chartered secretary and a fellow of both The Hong Kong
Institute of Chartered Secretaries and The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators
in the United Kingdom and therefore meets the qualification requirements under Note 1 to Rule
3.28 of the Listing Rules and is in compliance with Rule 8.17 of the Listing Rules.

We have appointed Ms. Chen Yingge as our joint company secretary. Ms. Chen has been
the secretary of the Board of our Company since January 8, 2018. She joined our Group in
April 2017 and is in charge of our Company’s compliance of relevant securities rules and
requirements in respect of our Company’s listing on NEEQ. She is experienced in corporate
governance and is familiar with our business.

Whilst Ms. Chen does not possess the formal qualifications required of a company
secretary under Rule 3.28 of the Listing Rules, given Ms. Chen’s background and experience,
in particular, her role in and familiarity with our Company and its corporate governance, our
Directors consider Ms. Chen to be capable of discharging her duties as a joint company
secretary of our Company, and that appointing Ms. Chen to act as a joint company secretary
would be beneficial to us. Accordingly, we have applied to the Stock Exchange for, and the
Stock Exchange has granted, a waiver from strict compliance with the requirements under
Rules 3.28 and 8.17 of the Listing Rules such that Ms. Chen may be appointed as a joint
company secretary of our Company.

The waiver was granted for a three year period on the condition that Ms. Yuen, as joint
company secretary, will work closely with, and provide assistance to, Ms. Chen in discharge
of her duties as a joint company secretary and in gaining the relevant experience as required
under Rule 3.28 of the Listing Rules. In addition, Ms. Chen will comply with the annual
professional training requirement under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules and will enhance her
knowledge of the Listing Rules during the three-year period from the Listing Date. Our
Company will further ensure that Ms. Chen has access to the relevant training and support that
would enhance her understanding of the Listing Rules and the duties of a company secretary
of an issuer listed on the Stock Exchange. At the end of the three-year period, the qualifications
and experience of Ms. Chen and the need for on-going assistance of Ms. Yuen will be further
evaluated by our Company. We will liaise with the Stock Exchange to enable it to assess
whether Ms. Chen, having benefited from the assistance of Ms. Yuen for the preceding three
years, will have acquired the skills necessary to carry out the duties of company secretary and
the relevant experience within the meaning of Note 2 to Rule 3.28 of the Listing Rules so that
a further waiver will not be necessary.

Please refer to the section headed “Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” in
this prospectus for further information regarding the biographies of Ms. Chen and Ms. Yuen.

– 94 –

