RELATIONSHIP WITH OUR SINGLE LARGEST SHAREHOLDER

We further believe that our Directors and members of the senior management are able to
perform their roles in our Company in managing our business independently from Mr. Xiong
Jun and Mr. Xiong Fengxiang for the following reasons:

(i)

as a part of our preparation for the Global Offering, we have promulgated the
Articles to comply with the Listing Rules. In particular, our Articles provide that any
Director, Supervisor and senior management member should not place himself in a
position where his/her duty and his/her own interests may conflict. In the event of
a conflict of interest arising out of any transactions to be entered into by our Group,
all Directors with conflicting interest shall abstain from voting in respect of such
transactions and shall not be counted in forming a quorum at the relevant Board
meetings;

(ii) our independent non-executive Directors have extensive experience in different
areas. We believe that they will be able to exercise their independent judgment and
will be able to provide impartial opinions in the decision-making process of our
Board to protect the interests of our Shareholders; and

(iii) each of our Directors is aware of his fiduciary duties as a director, which require,
among other things, that he acts for our Company’s benefit and best interests and he
must not allow any conflict between his duties as a Director and his personal
interests.

Financial Independence

We have our own financial management system and are able to operate independently
from Mr. Xiong Jun and Mr. Xiong Fengxiang from a financial perspective. In addition, we are
capable of obtaining financing from third parties without relying on any guarantee or security
provided by Mr. Xiong Jun or Mr. Xiong Fengxiang. As of June 30, 2018 and as of the Latest
Practicable Date, there were no loans, advances and balances due to and from Mr. Xiong Jun
or Mr. Xiong Fengxiang, nor any pledges and guarantees provided by Mr. Xiong Jun or Mr.
Xiong Fengxiang on our Group’s borrowing.

Delineation between our Business and other Medical R&D Business of Mr. Xiong Jun

As of the Latest Practicable Date, Mr. Xiong Jun held 30% interest in Jiangsu Tianren
Life Technology Co., Ltd.* (江蘇天人生命科技有限公司)
(“Jiangsu Tianren”). Jiangsu
Tianren is a limited liability company established in the PRC on May 6, 2011 with a registered
capital of RMB5,000,000. Our Directors are of the view that there is a clear delineation
between the business of our Group and that of Jiangsu Tianren for the following reasons:

(i) Different nature and scope of business: Jiangsu Tianren is an investment company.
Since its establishment and up to the Latest Practicable Date, Jiangsu Tianren has
only one investment, which focuses on clinical research of certain traditional
Chinese medicine conducted by the Nanjing University of Traditional Chinese

– 249 –

