RISK FACTORS

If safety, efficacy or other issues arise with any medical product that is used in
combination with our drug candidates, we may be unable to market such drug candidate
or may experience significant regulatory delays or supply shortages, and our business
could be materially harmed.

We plan to develop certain of our drug candidates for use as a combination therapy. If the
NMPA, FDA, EMA or another comparable regulatory agency revokes its approval of another
therapeutic we use in combination with our drug candidates, we will not be able to market our
drug candidates in combination with such revoked therapeutic. If safety or efficacy issues arise
with these or other therapeutics that we seek to combine with our drug candidates in the future,
we may experience significant regulatory delays, and we may be required to redesign or
terminate the applicable clinical trials. In addition, if manufacturing or other issues result in
a supply shortage of any component of our combination drug candidates we may not be able
to complete clinical development of our drug candidates on our current timeline or at all.

Even if we are able to commercialize any drug candidates, the drugs may become subject
to unfavorable pricing regulations or healthcare reform initiatives, which could harm our
business.

The regulations that govern regulatory approvals, pricing and reimbursement for new
therapeutic products vary widely from country to country. Some countries require approval of
the sale price of a drug before it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period
may begin after marketing or licensing approval
is granted. As a result, we may obtain
regulatory approval for a drug in a particular country, but then be subject to price regulations
that may delay our commercial launch of the drug and negatively impact the revenues we are
able to generate from the sale of the drug in that country. Adverse pricing limitations may
hinder our ability to recoup our investment in one or more drug candidates, even if our drug
candidates have already obtained regulatory approval.

The PRC market has gone through significant reforms of its pharmaceutical industry in
recent years and may be subject to further reform measures. As an example, according to the
Opinions on Reforming the Review and Approval Process for Pharmaceutical Products and
Medical Devices issued by the State Council in August 2015, enterprises applying for the NDA
approval will be required to undertake that the selling price of new drug in the PRC market
shall not be higher than the comparable market prices of the product in its country of origin
or the PRC’s neighboring markets, as applicable.

Our ability to commercialize any drugs successfully may also depend in part on the extent
to which reimbursement for these drugs and related treatments will be available from
government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations.
Government authorities and other third-party payers could decide which medications they will
pay for and establish reimbursement levels. Government authorities and these other third-party
payers may control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular
medications.

– 65 –

