RISK FACTORS

either our own deliberate or inadvertent acts or those of others, fail to comply with applicable
anti-bribery laws, our reputation could be harmed and we could incur criminal or civil
penalties, other sanctions and/or significant expenses, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects.

We are subject to environmental regulations and may be exposed to liability and potential
costs for environmental compliance.

We are subject to national and local environmental laws and regulations of the PRC.
During our manufacturing processes, we must comply with PRC laws and regulations
concerning the discharge of air, water and solid waste as well as noise control. In addition,
manufacturers engaging in any new construction project must prepare an environmental impact
study report setting forth the potential environmental impact of the proposed construction
project and proposing measures to prevent or mitigate such impact for approval by the
government authority prior to the commencement of new construction project. Please refer to
the section headed “Regulatory Overview – Other Laws and Regulations in Relation to Our
Business – Environment Protection” in this prospectus for details on PRC environmental laws
and regulations we are subject to.

We may not at all times comply fully with environmental regulations. Any violation of
these regulations may result in substantial fines, criminal sanctions, revocations of operating
permits, shutdown of our facilities and obligation to take corrective measures. Costs of
complying with current and future environmental protection laws and regulations and liabilities
that may potentially arise from the discharge of effluent water and solid waste may adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We may rely on third parties to conduct parts of our preclinical studies and clinical trials,
who may in turn fail to carry out contractual duties properly, timely or at all.

We have relied upon and plan to continue to rely upon third-party CROs for execution of
our preclinical studies and clinical trials, and control only certain aspects of their activities.
Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in
accordance with the applicable protocols, legal and regulatory requirements and scientific
standards, and our reliance on the CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities.
We and our CROs are required to comply with GCPs, which are regulations and guidelines
enforced by the NMPA, FDA and other comparable regulatory authorities for all of our drugs
in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these GCPs
through periodic
inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we or any of our CROs
fail to comply with applicable GCPs, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be
deemed unreliable and the relevant regulatory authority may require us to perform additional
clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot assure you that upon
inspection by a given regulatory authority, such regulatory authority will determine that any of
our clinical trials comply with GCP regulations. Our failure to comply with these regulations
may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process.

– 81 –

