RISK FACTORS

We expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable near future, especially given that
we expect our expenses to increase as we continue our development of, and seek regulatory
approvals for, our drug candidates, and begin to commercialize approved drugs,
if any.
Typically, it takes many years to develop one new drug from the time it is discovered to when
it
is available for treating patients. We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties,
complications, delays and other unknown factors during this process that may adversely affect
our business. The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future growth
of our expenses, our ability to generate revenues and the timing and amount of milestones and
other required payments to third parties in connection with our potential future arrangements
with third parties. If any of our drug candidates fails in clinical trials or does not gain
regulatory approval, or if approved, fails to achieve market acceptance, we may not become
profitable. Even if we achieve profitability in the future, we may not be able to sustain
profitability in subsequent periods. Our prior losses and expected future losses have had, and
will continue to have, an adverse effect on our working capital and shareholders’ equity.

We expect our R&D expenses to continue to be significant

in connection with our
continued development of our drug candidates and our ongoing and planned clinical trials for
our drug candidates. In particular, our R&D expenses may increase significantly once a drug
candidate moves from pre-clinical R&D to clinical trials. As of the Latest Practicable Date, we
had a total of five biologic drug candidates that have obtained IND approvals from NMPA to
carry out clinical
trials, which may require significant further investments to complete.
Furthermore, we plan to bring two to three additional drug candidates into clinical trial stage
each year going forward. We are also in the process of scaling up our production capacity in
anticipation of
the future sales of our products, which necessitate significant capital
expenditures. If we commence sales of our drug candidates at all, we expect to incur sales and
marketing expenses. As a result of the above, we may continue to incur significant and
increasing operating losses and negative net cash flows for the foreseeable future, which may
in turn have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

We recorded cash outflow from operating activities throughout the Track Record Period
and may fail to obtain sufficient capital resources for future growth and other operational
needs.

Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. Our net cash
used in operating activities amounted to RMB185.2 million, RMB347.1 million and RMB263.6
million, respectively, in 2016, 2017 and the six months ended June 30, 2018. We expect to
continue to spend substantial amounts on drug discovery, advancing the clinical development
of our drug candidates and launching and commercializing any drug candidates for which we
receive regulatory approval.

We have financed our operations with a combination of income generated from debt and
equity securities offerings, loans, consulting and research services, collaboration agreements,
capital contribution from our Shareholders and government grant. During the Track Record
Period and up to the Latest Practicable Date, we carried out five rounds of equity issuance with
total proceeds of RMB1,268.1 million and issued convertible loan notes with total proceeds of

– 51 –

