DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

(cid:129)

Certain employment contracts also provide that the rights and interests in any work,
patent, copyright and other intellectual property produced with the use of our
equipment, technology and information during the course of employment belong to
us.

COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT

Our Directors receive compensation in the form of

fees, salaries, bonuses, other
allowances and benefits in kind, including our Company’s contribution to the pension scheme
on their behalf. We determine the salaries of our Directors based on each Director’s
responsibilities, qualification, position and seniority.

The aggregate amount of remuneration and benefits in kind which was paid to our
Directors for the two years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017 and six months ended June 30,
2018 were approximately RMB7.63 million, RMB8.33 million and RMB5.22 million,
respectively.

It

is estimated that remuneration and benefits in kind equivalent

to approximately
RMB12.04 million in aggregate will be paid and granted to our Directors by us in respect of
the financial year ending December 31, 2018 under arrangements in force at the date of this
prospectus.

The aggregate amount of remuneration which were paid by our Group to our five highest
paid individuals
the two years ended
December 31, 2016 and 2017 and six months ended June 30, 2018 were approximately
RMB6.68 million, RMB8.32 million and RMB5.20 million, respectively.

(including both employees and Directors)

for

No remuneration was paid to our Directors, Supervisors or the five highest paid
individuals as an inducement to join, or upon joining, our Group. No compensation was paid
to, or receivable by, our Directors, past Directors, our Supervisors, past Supervisors or the five
highest paid individuals for the Track Record Period for the loss of office as director of any
member of our Group or of any other office in connection with the management of the affairs
of any member of our Group. None of our Directors waived any emoluments during the same
period.

For additional information on Directors’ remuneration during the Track Record Period as
well as information on the highest paid individuals, please see Note 13 of the Accountants’
Report set out in Appendix I to this prospectus.

Save as disclosed herein, to the best of the knowledge, information and belief of our
Directors having made all reasonable enquiries, there was no other matter with respect to the
appointment of our Directors and Supervisors that needs to be brought to the attention of the
Shareholders and there was no information relating to our Directors that is required to be
disclosed pursuant to Rules 13.51(2)(h) to (v) of the Listing Rules as of the Latest Practicable
Date.

– 279 –

