APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Debt instruments that do not meet the amortised cost criteria or the FVTOCI criteria are classified as at
FVTPL. In addition, debt instruments that meet either the amortised cost criteria or the FVTOCI criteria may be
designated as at FVTPL upon initial
recognition if such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a
measurement or recognition inconsistency that would arise from measuring assets or liabilities or recognising the
gains and losses on them on different bases. The Group has not designated any debt instruments as at FVTPL.

Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value, with changes in fair value arising from remeasurement
recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss excludes any dividend or interest earned
on the financial assets and is included in the ‘other gains and losses’ line item.

Foreign exchange gains and losses

The carrying amount of financial assets that are denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign

currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of each reporting period. Specifically,

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

for financial assets measured at amortised cost that are not part of a designated hedging relationship,
exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss in the ‘other gains and losses’ line item;

for debt instruments measured at FVTOCI that are not part of a designated hedging relationship,
exchange differences on the amortised cost of the debt instrument are recognised in profit or loss in the
‘other gains and losses’ line item. Other exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive
income in the investments revaluation reserve; and

for financial assets measured at FVTPL that are not part of a designated hedging relationship, exchange
differences are recognised in profit or loss in the ‘other gains and losses’ line item.

Impairment of financial assets

The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”) on investments in debt instruments
that are measured at amortised cost or at FVTOCI. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect
changes in credit risk since initial recognition of the respective financial instrument.

The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables. The ECL on these financial assets are
estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that
are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current as well as the forecast
direction of conditions at the reporting date, including time value of money where appropriate.

increased significantly since initial recognition,

For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises lifetime ECL when there has been a significant
increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If, on the other hand, the credit risk on the financial instrument has
not
the Group measures the loss allowance for that financial
instrument at an amount equal to twelve-month ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised
is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition instead of
on evidence of a financial asset being credit-impaired at the reporting date or an actual default occurring.

Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of a
financial instrument. In contrast, twelve-month ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result
from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within twelve months after the reporting date.

Significant increase in credit risk

In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial

instrument has increased significantly since initial
recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date
with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this
assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable,
including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.
Forward-looking information considered includes the future prospects of the industries in which the Group’s debtors
operate, obtained from economic expert reports, financial analysts, governmental bodies, relevant think-tanks and
other similar organisations, as well as consideration of various external sources of actual and forecast economic
information that relate to the Group’s core operations.

– I-25 –

