BUSINESS

review. As of the Latest Practicable Date, our NDA application for JS001 was still in the
administrative review process and we are currently of the view that our communication with
the NMPA regarding our NDA approval application for JS001 had no material adverse impact
on the practicable launch date or launch conditions of JS001.

No material unexpected or adverse changes have occurred since the date of issue of the
relevant regulatory approval for JS001. We expect to but cannot assure that we will obtain
NDA approval without material additional requirements (other than subsequently completing
Phase III clinical trial) in late 2018 or early 2019. We are preparing to launch JS001 in China
shortly after obtaining NDA approval. Upon obtaining NDA approval on the expected timetable
we anticipate to carry out commercial manufacturing of JS001 at our Wujiang Production Base
and conduct marketing and sales of JS001 leveraging our commercialization team. However,
we cannot assure the timing and any further requirements for NDA approval, the result of
subsequent Phase III clinical trial or that NDA approval will be forthcoming at all. See “Risk
Factors – Risks Relating to Our Drug Candidates – We may fail to complete the regulatory
approval processes for our drug candidates, which are lengthy, time consuming and inherently
unpredictable.”

We also obtained from the FDA the IND approval for JS001 in January 2018 and are

conducting a Phase I clinical trial of JS001 in the U.S.

UBP1211 (anti-TNF-␣ mAb)

UBP1211 is a recombinant human anti-TNF-␣ monoclonal antibody injection targeting
autoimmune diseases. UBP1211 is a biosimilar of Humira (adalimumab), a TNF-␣-inhibiting,
anti-inflammatory biologic medication indicated for several immune-mediated inflammatory
diseases. Pursuant to the Technical Guideline for Development and Evaluation of Biosimilars
(Proposed Guideline) issued by the NMPA in February 2015, we are concurrently conducting
Phase I and Phase III studies to compare the similarities between UBP1211 and Humira in
patients with moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis. The extensive comparison of the
physicochemical structure and biologic function of UBP1211 and Humira we have conducted
showed structural similarity and comparable functionality, demonstrating that UBP1211 has
similar efficacy, safety and immunogenicity to Humira.

Mechanism of Action

TNF-␣ is a potent inducer of the inflammatory response and key regulator of innate
immunity. It is involved in autoimmune and immune-mediated disorders such as rheumatoid
arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis and psoriasis. Anti-TNF-␣ monoclonal antibody, which
suppresses the immune response of TNF-␣, is a new generation therapy treating immune-
mediated inflammatory diseases with high efficacy and safety profile and convenient
administration methods.

– 206 –

