APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL LEGAL AND
REGULATORY PROVISIONS

The people’s courts apply a two-tier appellate system. A party may appeal against a
judgment or order of a local people’s court to the people’s court at the next higher level. Second
judgments or orders given at the next higher level are final. First judgments or orders of the
Supreme People’s Court are also final. However, if the Supreme People’s Court or a people’s
court at a higher level finds an error in a judgment which has been given in any people’s court
at a lower level, or the president of a people’s court finds an error in a judgment which has been
given in the court over which he presides, the case may then be retried according to the judicial
supervision procedures.

The PRC Civil Procedure Law (2017 revision) (《中華人民共和國民事訴訟法(2017年修
訂)》) sets forth the criteria for instituting a civil suit, the jurisdiction of the people’s courts,
the procedures to be followed for conducting a civil suit and the procedures for enforcement
of a civil judgment or order. All parties to a civil suit conducted within the PRC must comply
with the PRC Civil Procedure Law. Generally, a civil case is initially heard by a local court of
the municipality or province in which the defendant resides. A party to the contract or other
property dispute may choose by written agreement to be under the jurisdiction of the people’s
court in the location of the defendant’s domicile, where the contract is performed or signed, in
the location of the plaintiff’s domicile, in the location of the subject matter or in other locations
which have actual connections with the dispute, provided that the provisions on hierarchical
jurisdiction and exclusive jurisdiction are not violated.

A foreign individual or enterprise generally has the same litigation rights and obligations
as a citizen or legal person of the PRC. Should a juridical system of a foreign country limit the
litigation rights of PRC citizens and enterprises, subject to the principle of reciprocity, the PRC
courts may apply the same limitations to the citizens and enterprises (in China) of that foreign
country.

A party seeking to enforce a judgment or ruling of a people’s court against a party who
is not personally or whose property is not within the PRC may apply to a foreign court with
jurisdiction over the case for recognition and enforcement of the judgment or ruling. A foreign
judgment or ruling may also be recognized and enforced by the people’s court according to the
PRC enforcement procedures if the PRC has entered into, or acceded to, an international treaty
with the relevant foreign country, which provides for such recognition and enforcement, or if
ruling satisfies the court’s examination according to the principle of
the judgment or
reciprocity, unless the people’s court finds that
the recognition or enforcement of such
judgment or ruling will result in a violation of the basic legal principles of the PRC, its
sovereignty or security, or against social and public interest.

– III-3 –

