APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL LEGAL AND
REGULATORY PROVISIONS

Duties of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

Directors, supervisors and senior management of the company are required under the PRC
Company Law to comply with the relevant laws, regulations and the articles of association, and
have the fiduciary and diligent duties to the company. Directors, supervisors and senior
management are prohibited from abusing their powers to accept bribes or other unlawful
income and from misappropriating of the company’s properties. The PRC Company Law
contains a series of prohibitions on the behavior of directors and officers and prescribes for the
appropriate means by which such directors and officers may use their position and powers.

A director, supervisor or senior management who contravenes any law, regulation or the
company’s articles of association in the performance of his/her duties resulting in any loss to
the company shall be personally liable to the company.

Where a director, supervisor or senior management person of a company is required to
attend a shareholders’ meeting or a general meeting as a non-voting participant, the director,
supervisor or senior management person shall do so and accept the inquiries from shareholders.

The directors and senior management personnel shall

truthfully provide relevant
information and materials to the board of supervisors or, in the absence thereof in a limited
liability company, to the supervisors, and shall not hinder the board of supervisors or the
supervisors from exercising their powers.

The Special Regulations and the Mandatory Provisions provide that a company’s
directors, supervisors, managers and other officers shall have a duty of loyalty towards the
company. They are required to perform their duties faithfully, protect the interests of the
company and not use their positions for their own benefit. The Mandatory Provisions contain
detailed stipulations on these duties.

Finance and Accounting

Under the PRC Company Law, a company shall establish financial and accounting
systems according to laws, administrative regulations and the regulations of the financial
department of the State Council and shall at the end of each financial year prepare a financial
and accounting report which shall be audited by an accounting firm as required by law.

the laws, administrative regulations and the regulations of

The company’s financial and accounting report shall be prepared in accordance with
provisions of
the financial
department of the State Council. Pursuant to the PRC Company Law, the company shall deliver
its financial reports to all shareholders within the time limit stipulated in the articles of
association and make its financial and accounting reports available at
the company for
inspection by the shareholders at least 20 days before the convening of an annual general
meeting of shareholders.

– III-13 –

