CORNERSTONE INVESTORS

LVC Fund I is a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership established in 2017, and
currently manages approximately US$390 million in capital commitments
for global
institutional investors including but not limited to sovereign wealth funds, funds of funds and
family office from the U.S. and Asia.

LVC Fund II is a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership established in 2018 and
had the first closing in December 2018 and it expects to have a total fund size of approximately
US$400 million.

LVC Renaissance Fund is a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership established in

2017.

The general partner of each LVC Fund has the power to manage and control the conduct
of the business, assets and affairs of such LVC Fund and make investment and divestment
decisions for such LVC Fund.

Our non-executive Director, Mr. Lin Lijun is a director and controls LVC Fund’s general
partner. He is also a director of and wholly-owns Shanghai Shengge Asset Management Co.,
Ltd.*, which in turns,
is the sole general partner of Shanghai Tanying (our existing
Shareholder). See also “Substantial Shareholders” and “Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management” for further information of Shanghai Tanying and Mr. Lin Lijun.

2. Highbury Investment Pte Ltd (“Highbury”)

Highbury has agreed to subscribe for such number of Offer Shares (rounded down to the
nearest whole board lot) that may be purchased for an aggregate amount of US$45,000,000 (or
HK$352,539,000) at the Offer Price.

Highbury is a private limited company incorporated in Singapore and managed by GIC
Special Investments Private Limited, which in turn is wholly owned by GIC Private Limited
(“GIC”). GIC is a global investment management company established in 1981 to manage
Singapore’s foreign reserves. GIC invests internationally in equities, fixed income, foreign
exchange, commodities, money markets, alternative investments, real estate and private equity.
With its current portfolio size of more than US$100 billion, GIC is amongst the world’s largest
fund management companies.

Highbury is a limited partner in each of LVC Fund I and LVC Fund II. Highbury holds
a direct limited partner interest of approximately 8% and together with its affiliates a further
indirect limited partner interest (via other vehicles in which such affiliates have invested) of
approximately 1% of the contributed capital of LVC Fund I. Highbury has committed
approximately 90% of the aggregate committed capital of LVC Fund II as of the Latest
Practicable Date which is expected to be reduced to approximately less than 50% of aggregate
committed capital of LVC Fund II as of LVC Fund II’s final closing date if LVC Fund II reaches
its target fund size. Highbury’s rights with respect to each of LVC Fund I and LVC Fund II are
limited to customary limited partner protections exercisable alongside other limited partners in

– 335 –

