BUSINESS

Drug development and production capacity on the full industry chain

We have been dedicated to the development of

first-in-class and best-in-class
macromolecular drugs through original innovation since our very inception in December 2012.
Leveraging our advanced R&D platforms and globally integrated R&D process, we have
developed a collection of drug candidates that we believe to have solid biological mechanisms.
We strive to develop additional drug candidates for the fulfilment of unmet medical needs
using our technology and innovation platforms in a sustainable manner.

We have established an integrated technology system covering the entire lifecycle of
protein drugs from early R&D to industrialization. Such system comprises seven key
technology platforms: (1) automated high-efficiency screening platform for antibody selection
and functional assays, (2) human transmembrane receptor protein array and high-throughput
screening platform, (3) antibody humanization and construction platform, (4) high-yielding
stable expression cell lines screening and establishment platform, (5) CHO cell fermentation
process development platform, (6) antibody purification process development and formulation
optimization platform, and (7) antibody quality research, control and assurance platform.

We believe that the following four technical platforms are critically important to our R&D

of protein drugs:

1.

2.

Automated high-efficiency screening platform for antibody selection and functional
assays, which enables us to obtain the specific and high-affinity targeted monoclonal
antibodies recognizing multiple genera (human, monkey, mouse) antigens with
desired physicochemical properties. This platform greatly broadens the initial range
of clinical drug candidate screening, helps us find the optimal candidates, and
provides us with a basis for our R&D of innovative monoclonal antibodies and
functional screening in vitro and in vivo.

identify

functionally

important

systemically

Human transmembrane receptor protein array and high-throughput screening
platform encompasses close to 5,000 human cell membrane proteins. We utilize this
system to
protein-to-protein
interactions on cell surface and examine antibody binding on the cell surface. We
utilize the Operetta High-Content Imaging System from Perkin Elmer, Inc., which
yields a high signal-to-noise ratio and allows us to perform high-throughput
screening using 384- or 1536-well microplate. High expression of individual protein
on cell surface by transient
transfection also greatly increases the avidity of
ligand-receptor interactions. Combining increased avidity and a highly sensitive
detection system, our transmembrane receptor array system enables us to identify
even weak receptor-ligand interactions. We utilize the membrane receptor protein
array high throughput screening platform to continuously expand the monoclonal
antibody product line for cell surface receptors and soluble proteins.

– 179 –

