APPENDIX III

Incorporation

SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL LEGAL AND
REGULATORY PROVISIONS

A joint stock limited company may be incorporated by promotion or public subscription.

A joint stock limited company may be incorporated by a minimum of two but not more
than 200 promoters, and at least half of the promoters must have residence within the PRC.

Where a company limited by shares is established by way of promotion, registered capital
thereof shall be the total amount of share capital subscribed to by all promoters as registered
with the relevant company registration authority. The said company is not allowed to offer
shares to others for subscription before the shares subscribed to by its promoters are fully paid
up.

Where a company limited by shares is established through public subscription,

the
registered capital thereof shall be the actual total paid-up share capital registered at the relevant
company registration authority.

The promoters must convene an inaugural meeting within 30 days after the issued shares
have been fully paid up, and must give notice to all subscribers or make an announcement of
the date of the inaugural meeting 15 days before the meeting. The inaugural meeting may be
convened only with the presence of promoters or subscribers representing at least half of the
shares in the Company. At the inaugural meeting, matters including the adoption of articles of
association and the election of members of the board of directors and members of the board of
supervisors of the company will be dealt with. Within 30 days after the conclusion of the
inaugural meeting,
the board of directors must apply to the registration authority for
registration of the establishment of the joint stock limited company. A company is formally
established, and has the status of a legal person, after the business license has been issued by
the relevant registration authority.

Share Capital

Under the PRC Company Law, the shareholders may make capital contributions in cash,
or alternatively may make capital contributions with such valuated non-monetary property as
physical items or assets, intellectual property rights, and land use rights that may be valued in
monetary term and may be transferred in accordance with the law. If a capital contribution is
made other than in cash, fair valuation and verification of the asset contributed must be carried
out. The provisions on the valuation of such property as prescribed by laws or administrative
regulations shall prevail.

Pursuant to the Special Regulations and the Mandatory Provisions, overseas listed and
foreign invested shares issued shall be in registered form, denominated in Renminbi and
subscribed for in a foreign currency. Domestic shares issued shall be in registered form.

– III-5 –

