BUSINESS

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

UBP1213 is the first and only anti-BLyS monoclonal antibody developed by a PRC
company to obtain IND approval from the NMPA. UBP1213 has been developed for
the treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus and other autoimmune diseases. We
plan to commence patient enrollment for Phase I clinical trial of UBP1213 in 2019.

JS003 is a humanized monoclonal antibody targeting PD-L1 protein. PD-L1 has
emerged as an important cancerbiomarker and a target for immunotherapy. As of the
Latest Practicable Date, we had received IND approval from the NMPA and were
preparing for the clinical trial of JS003.

In addition to our five clinical-stage biologic drug candidates, there are also eight other
biologic drug candidates currently under preclinical research. In 2016, 2017 and the six months
ended June 30, 2018, our R&D expenses amounted to RMB122.0 million, RMB275.3 million
and RMB217.8 million, respectively.

OUR COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS

Our key competitive strengths include:

Distinguished capabilities in drug discovery and development

We have distinguished capabilities in the field of the discovery and development of
innovative biologics. We believe such capabilities enable us to independently carry out key
steps in the discovery and development of biologics including target evaluation, mechanism
research and verification, clinical drug candidates screening and functional verification. Of our
13 biologic drug candidates in the product pipeline, 11 have been developed by ourselves.

We have set up three R&D centers worldwide, among which our San Francisco Lab and
Maryland Lab primarily focus on the research of mechanisms on known and novel targets in
tumor and autoimmune diseases field, drug discovery and precise screening of drug molecules.
Our domestic Suzhou R&D center mainly conducts functional verification and process
development of drug candidates. We believe our research capability in the immuno-oncology
field and our drug molecular screening platform are internationally advanced, and we have two
innovative drugs in our product pipeline, namely JS004 and JS009, that have the potential to
be global first-in-class drugs. According to the F&S Report, our JS004 and 40E4 by MSD are
the only two BTLA antibodies that have conducted pre-clinical trials. Academic paper on the
animal trial of 40E4 was published in July 2017 and no subsequent development regarding
40E4 was announced. We were close to initiate the clinical trial of JS004 as of the Latest
Practicable Date, based on which we believe JS004 has the potential of becoming a global
first-in-class drug. As for JS009, we were not aware of any clinical trial being carried out
regarding the same target. As we continue to carry out more novel target exploration and
verification work, more drug candidates will enter into our future development pipeline to
provide innovative impetus for our sustainable development.

– 178 –

