APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

NOTES TO HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION

1.

GENERAL

The Company was established in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) on December 27, 2012 and
converted into a joint stock company with limited liability in May 2015. In August 2015, the Company was listed
on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations (“NEEQ”) (stock code 833330). The respective address of the
registered office and principal place of business of the Company are stated at the “Corporate Information” section
of the Prospectus.

The principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (“the Group”) are mainly discovery, development
and commercialisation of innovative drugs. During 2018, the Group disposed of its sale of biological reagent segment
as disclosed in Note 33.

The functional currency of the Company is Renminbi (“RMB”), which is the same as the presentation currency

of the Historical Financial Information.

2.

BASIS OF PREPARATION OF HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION

The Historical Financial Information has been prepared based on the accounting policies set out in Note 4

which conform with IFRSs issued by the IASB.

The statutory financial statements of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017 were
prepared in accordance with PRC generally accepted accounting practice and were audited by Huapu Tianjian
Certified Public Accountants (華普天健會計師事務所), a certified public accountant registered in the PRC.

3.

APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED IFRSs

For the purpose of preparing the Historical Financial Information for the Track Record Period, the Group has
consistently applied the accounting policies which conform with the IFRSs (including IFRS 9 Financial Instruments
and IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers), which are effective for the Group’s accounting period
beginning on January 1, 2018 throughout the Track Record Period.

In addition, the Group has applied Amendments to IFRS 9 Prepayment Feature with Negative Compensation

in advance of the effective date, i.e. January 1, 2019.

At the date of this report, the following new and amendments to IFRSs and interpretation have been issued but

not yet effective:

IFRS 16
IFRS 17
IFRIC – Int 23
Amendments to IFRS 3
Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28

Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8
Amendments to IAS 19
Amendments to IAS 28
Amendments to IFRSs

Leases1
Insurance Contracts3
Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments1
Definition of a Business4
Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and

its Associate or Joint Venture2

Definition of Material5
Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement1
Long-term Interests in Joint Ventures1
Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2015 – 2017 Cycle1

1

2

3

4

5

Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2019

Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined

Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2021

Effective for business combination for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first
annual period beginning on or after 1 January 2020

Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2020

Except as described below, the directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all the other new
and amendments to IFRSs and interpretation will have no material impact on the Group’s financial performance and
position and/or on the disclosures to the Group’s future financial statements.

– I-13 –

