APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL LEGAL AND
REGULATORY PROVISIONS

The PRC Securities Law regulates, among other things, the issue and trading of securities,
takeovers by listed companies, securities exchanges, securities companies and the duties and
responsibilities of the State Council’s securities regulatory authorities. The PRC Securities
Law provides that a company must obtain prior approval from the State Council’s regulatory
authorities to list shares outside the PRC and that specific measures with respect to shares of
companies in the PRC that are to be subscribed for and traded in foreign currencies shall be
separately formulated by the State Council. Currently, the issue and trading of foreign issued
shares (including H shares) are mainly governed by the rules and regulations promulgated by
the State Council and the CSRC.

According to the Special Regulations, a company shall obtain the approval of the CSRC

to list its shares overseas.

ARBITRATION AND ENFORCEMENT OF ARBITRAL AWARDS

The Arbitration Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國仲裁法》) (the
“Arbitration Law”) is applicable to contract disputes and other property disputes between
natural persons, legal persons and other organizations where the parties have entered into a
written agreement to refer the matter to arbitration before an arbitration committee constituted
in accordance with the Arbitration Law.

Under the Arbitration Law, an arbitration committee may, before the promulgation of
arbitration regulations by the PRC Arbitration Association, formulate interim arbitration rules
in accordance with the Arbitration Law. Where the parties have by agreement provided
arbitration as the method for dispute resolution, the people’s court will refuse to handle the
case except when the arbitration agreement is declared invalid.

Under the Mandatory Provisions and the Articles of Association, a claimant may select
the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (“CIETAC”) to conduct
arbitration in accordance with its arbitration rules or the Hong Kong International Arbitration
Centre (“HKIAC”) to conduct arbitration in accordance with its securities arbitration rules.

If the claimant elects for arbitration to be carried out at the HKIAC, any party to the
dispute or claim may apply for a hearing to take place in Shenzhen in accordance with the
Securities Arbitration Rules of the HKIAC. In accordance with the Arbitration Regulations of
China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (《中國國際經濟貿易仲裁委
員會仲裁規則》), the CIETAC shall deal with economic and trading disputes over contractual
or non-contractual
including disputes involving Hong Kong based on the
agreement of the parties.

transactions,

– III-18 –

