BUSINESS

Leased Properties

As of the Latest Practicable Date, we leased from third parties 15 properties in Shanghai,
Taizhou, Beijing and Suzhou, with an aggregate gross floor area of approximately 8,173.10
sq.m.

According to relevant PRC laws and regulations,

to claim
compensation if the lease agreement is invalid due to the lessor’s fault. In case where our
ability to continue leasing such properties is affected by a third-party objection, we may seek
indemnity from the lessor in accordance with relevant PRC laws and regulations.

the lessee has the right

As of the Latest Practicable Date,

regulatory authorities. According to PRC law,

the lease agreements had not completed lease
the non-
registration with the relevant
registration of lease agreements will not affect the validity of such lease agreements, but the
relevant local housing administrative authorities can require us to complete registrations within
a specified timeframe and we may be subject to a fine between RMB1,000 and RMB10,000 per
lease for any delay in making these registrations. As of the Latest Practicable Date, we were
not subject to any penalties arising from the non-registration of lease agreements.

As of the Latest Practicable Date, we leased three properties in the United States as our
offices and biotech laboratories,
including two properties in Rockville, Maryland of
approximately 3,672 sq.ft. and 3,511 sq.ft., respectively, and one property in Menlo Park,
California of approximately 2,585 sq.ft.

During the Track Record Period, we did not experience any dispute arising out of our

leased properties.

As at June 30, 2018, none of the properties held or leased by us had a carrying amount
of 15% or more of our consolidated total assets. Therefore, according to Chapter 5 of the
Listing Rules and section 6(2) of the Companies (Exemption of Companies and Prospectuses
from Compliance with Provisions) Notice (Chapter 32L of the Laws of Hong Kong), this
prospectus is exempted from compliance with the requirements of section 342(1)(b) of the
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance in relation to paragraph
34(2) of the Third Schedule to the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions)
Ordinance which require a valuation report with respect to all our Group’s interests in land or
buildings.

– 243 –

