APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

44.

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

In June, 2018, the Group entered into a co-development and strategic collaboration agreement with CSPC
Pharmaceutical Group Limited (“CSPC”), under which the Group and CSPC will co-develop PD-1 (the anti-PD-1
monoclonal antibody exclusively supplied by the Group), in combination with albumin-bonded paclitaxel (the
“Product”) for the treatment of breast cancer in PRC including Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau. A joint steering
committee was established with equal representation from each party to coordinate and oversee development and
commercialisation activities and decisions for the Product. CSPC at its own expense, shall be responsible for
designing and executing the clinical trial for the Product, supplying albumin-bonded paclitaxel to the Group for
conducting clinical trials, applying and securing approval and commercialisation of the Product. The Group shall be
responsible for securing approval of PD-1 single treatment, supplying PD-1 for CSPC to conduct clinical trials and
supplying PD-1 to CSPC for sale of the Product. All intellectual property rights related to the Product shall be jointly
owned by the Group and CSPC. Further, CSPC was granted an exclusive royalty based license to commercialise the
Product within the PRC from the receipt of the relevant regulatory approval in the PRC for 20 years. On July 11,
2018, the Group received RMB30.0 million upfront fee upon execution of the Agreement. The Group is also entitled
to receive an aggregate of RMB120.0 million future milestone payments from CSPC upon the achievement of
contractually specified development milestones in the Agreement. Details of the sales royalty arrangement is to be
determined between both parties.

On August 23, 2018, TopAlliance Biosciences Inc. (“TopAlliance”), a subsidiary of the Company, entered into
a Patent and Technology License Agreement with the Board of Regents of The University of Texas System (“System
Board”) on behalf of The University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston, under which System Board granted
TopAlliance a royalty-bearing non-exclusive license for certain patent right related to monoclonal antibodies against
EGFL6 for diagnostic and cancer therapeutic use and technology right related to EGFL6-Binding antibodies and the
use of thereof. On September 7, 2018, TopAlliance paid USD2.5 million (equivalent to approximately RMB17.1
million) non-refundable and non-creditable upfront fees to System Board upon entering the agreement. TopAlliance
is also obligated to make up to USD6 million (equivalent to approximately RMB41.7 million) milestone payments
upon regulatory approval in China and up to USD31.0 million (equivalent to approximately RMB215.2 million)
milestone payments upon regulatory approval in territories other than China and royalty payments at the applicable
royalty rate based on the net sales of the licensed product upon commercialisation.

In September, 2018, the Company together with other four independent third parties established a company in
the PRC, Beijing Zhenzhi Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (北京臻知醫學科技有限責任公司) (“Zhenzhi”), a limited
liability company principally engaged in technology services and medical research and development. The total capital
commitment by the Company is RMB3.0 million, representing 15% equity interests of Zhenzhi. In November, 2018,
the Company paid capital of RMB3.0 million to Zhenzhi.

In October 2018, the Group entered into a 4 year loan facility up to RMB150.0 million with the Bank of
Shanghai and drew down RMB80.0 million under the facility. The loan facility bears a variable interest rate by
floating upwards by 40% based on the relevant 1 to 5 years benchmark interest rate published by the People’s Bank
of China per annum. The loan facility will mature in November 2022 and guaranteed by the Company and its
subsidiary Suzhou Union Biopharm Biosciences Co., Ltd. Pursuant to the agreement, the bank borrowing is also
secured by mortgages over the Group’s property, plant and equipment situated in Shanghai Lingang and Wujiang
Economic and Industrial Development Zone held by its subsidiaries, Shanghai Junshi Biotechnology Co.,Ltd. and
Suzhou Union Biopharm Biosciences Co., Ltd.

On October 8, 2018, the Company entered into a collaboration agreement with Hutchison MediPharma Limited
(“Hutchison”) to collaborate on developing an oncology therapy in combination of PD-1 (the Company’s compound)
and Sulfatinib (Hutchison’s compound) in the PRC, including Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau, the United States and
Europe. Hutchison shall be solely responsible for all costs and expenses for developing the combination therapy
under the China initial development plan and the Company shall be solely responsible for all costs and expenses for
developing the combination therapy under the global initial development plan. Each party shall, at its own expense,
provide clinical supplies of its own compound under the applicable development plan.

In October and November 2018,

the Group received approximately RMB96.0 million loans from six
independent third parties, namely Shen Zhen Rui He Xing Ye Asset Management Co., Ltd. (深圳市瑞和興業資產管
理有限公司), Song Qi (宋琦), Wang Ting (汪霆), Diao Jingsha (刁靜莎), Zhou Hao (周浩) and Wu Jiang Zhong Tai
Construction Engineering Co., Ltd.
respectively. The loans are unsecured,
unguaranteed, and interest bearing from 5.66% to 9.00% per annum and have repayment periods from 60 days to 12
months. The Company early repaid RMB5.0 million loan from Song Qi in November 2018.

(吳江市中泰建築工程有限公司),

45.

SUBSEQUENT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

No audited financial statements of the Group, the Company or any of its subsidiaries have been prepared in

respect of any period subsequent to June 30, 2018 and up to the date of this report.

– I-74 –

