BUSINESS

TNF-α

TNF-α Inhibitor

TNF receptor

Inflammatory 

Response

TNF-α inhibitor binding to the receptor will 
inhibit  TNF-α to bind and thus can be used 
as treatment for inflammatory response.

Rheumatoid Arthritis

Ankylosing Spondylitis

Psoriatic Arthritis

Crohn’s Disease

Source: Frost & Sullivan.

Notes:

(1)

(2)

Tumor necrosis factor (TNF) is able to induce a great diversity of cellular responses via modulating the
expression of a number of different genes. TNF-␣ induces local inflammation and pannus formation,
eventually leading to further erosion of cartilage and bone destruction.

TNF-␣ inhibitors can bind to the TNF-receptor and inhibit the TNF-␣ to bind to TNF-receptor. The
effects of a TNF-␣ blockade are partially dependent on synovial TNF-␣ expression and infiltration by
TNF-␣-producing inflammatory cells.

Humira and Its Biosimilar UBP1211

Humira is a fully human monoclonal antibody targeting TNF-␣. It is an established
biologic treatment for a number of autoimmune diseases including rheumatoid arthritis. Based
on several studies to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of Humira in patients with
rheumatoid arthritis, Humira has not only demonstrated significant, rapid and sustained
improvements in disease activity, but has also improved functional status, quality of life and
work productivity in rheumatoid arthritis patients with acceptable safety profile.

The structural, functional and pharmacokinetic evaluations of UBP 1211 have shown that
it is highly similar to Humira, proving UBP1211’s potential to reduce the signs and symptoms
of moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis in adults with an acceptable safety profile.

Preclinical Studies

The recombinant human anti-TNF-␣ monoclonal antibody was a therapeutic monoclonal
antibody drug, and was intended to be classified as category II for application according to the
therapeutic new biological products registration. Based on the characteristics of UBP1211, we
set up parallel control groups using the original drug in the core pharmacology and toxicology
experiments of UBP1211 and conducted comparative studies between UBP1211 and the
original drug Humira in major pharmacodynamic studies rat pharmacokinetic studies, monkeys
pharmacokinetic studies and monkeys long-term toxicity tests while conducting systematic
pharmacological and toxicological studies.

– 207 –

