APPENDIX IV

SUMMARY OF ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

3.

Reduction of capital

The Company may reduce registered capital according to the Articles of Association of

the Company.

In the event of reduction of registered capital, the Company shall prepare a balance sheet

and an inventory of assets.

The Company shall notify its creditors within ten days from the date of the resolution in
respect of registered capital reduction and publish an announcement in newspapers within 30
days from the date of the resolution. The creditors shall, within 30 days from the date of
receiving the notice or within 45 days from the date of publication of the announcement (for
those who do not receive the notice), have a right to require the Company to settle their debts
or to offer corresponding guarantees for their settlement.

4.

Rights and obligations of shareholders

A shareholder shall enjoy the relevant rights and assume the relevant obligations in
accordance with the class and amount of shares he/she holds. Shareholders holding the same
class of shares shall enjoy the same rights and assume the same obligations.

The shareholders of various classes of the Company’s shares shall enjoy the same rights

in respect of dividends or any other forms of distribution.

As the shareholder of the Company, a legal person shall be represented by a legal

representative or an agent of the legal representative in exercising its rights.

The ordinary shareholders of the Company shall enjoy the following rights:

1)

2)

3)

4)

The right to receive dividends and other forms of profit distribution in proportion to
his/her shareholding;

The right to request, convene, hold and attend shareholders’ meetings and exercise
his/her voting right in proportion to his/her shareholding personally or by proxy in
accordance with the relevant laws;

The right to supervise and administer the business operation and activities of the
Company, and to present proposals or raise enquiries;

The right to transfer, donate or pledge shares held by him in accordance with the
laws, administrative regulations and the provisions of the Articles of Association;

– IV-23 –

