HOW TO APPLY FOR HONG KONG OFFER SHARES

(ii)

If you apply using a YELLOW Application Form

If you apply for 1,000,000 Hong Kong Offer Shares or more, please follow the same
instructions as described above. If you have applied for less than 1,000,000 Hong Kong Offer
Shares, your refund cheque(s) will be sent to the address on the relevant Application Form on
or before Friday, December 21, 2018 by ordinary post and at your own risk.

If you apply by using a YELLOW Application Form and your application is wholly or
partially successful, your share certificate(s) will be issued in the name of HKSCC Nominees
and deposited into CCASS for credit to your or the designated CCASS Participant’s stock
account as stated in your Application Form on Friday, December 21, 2018, or upon
contingency, on any other date determined by HKSCC or HKSCC Nominees.

(cid:129)

If you apply through a designated CCASS participant (other than a CCASS Investor
Participant)

For Hong Kong Offer Shares credited to your designated CCASS participant’s stock
account (other than CCASS Investor Participant), you can check the number of Hong
Kong Offer Shares allotted to you with that CCASS participant.

(cid:129)

If you are applying as a CCASS Investor Participant

The Company will publish the results of CCASS Investor Participants’ applications
together with the results of the Hong Kong Public Offering in the manner described in the
section headed “11. Publication of Results” above. You should check the announcement
published by the Company and report any discrepancies to HKSCC before 5:00 p.m. on
Friday, December 21, 2018 or any other date as determined by HKSCC or HKSCC
Nominees. Immediately after the credit of the Hong Kong Offer Shares to your stock
account, you can check your new account balance via the CCASS Phone System and
CCASS Internet System.

(iii) If you apply through the HK eIPO White Form service

If you apply for 1,000,000 Hong Kong Offer Shares or more and your application is
wholly or partially successful, you may collect your share certificate(s) from the H Share
Registrar, Tricor Investor Services Limited at Level 22, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road
East, Hong Kong, from 9:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. on Friday, December 21, 2018, or such other date
as notified by the Company in the announcement published by the Company as the date of
dispatch/collection of share certificates/e-Auto Refund payment instructions/refund cheques.

If you do not collect your share certificate(s) personally within the time specified for
to the address specified in your application instructions by

they will be sent

collection,
ordinary post at your own risk.

– 385 –

