APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL LEGAL AND
REGULATORY PROVISIONS

Where the board of directors is incapable of performing or not performing its duties of
convening the shareholders’ general meeting, the board of supervisors shall convene and
preside over such meeting in a timely manner. In case the board of supervisors fails to convene
and preside over such meeting, shareholders alone or in aggregate holding more than ten
percent of the company’s shares for 90 days consecutively may unilaterally convene and
preside over such meeting.

Under the PRC Company Law, notice of shareholders’ general meeting shall state the time
and venue of and matters to be considered at the meeting and shall be given to all shareholders
20 days before the meeting. Notice of our extraordinary shareholders’ general meetings shall
be given to all shareholders 15 days prior to the meeting. Under the Special Regulations and
the Mandatory Provisions, such notice shall be delivered to all the registered shareholders 45
days in advance to the meeting, and the matters to be considered and time and venue of the
meeting shall be specified. The written reply of shareholders planning to attend the meeting
shall be delivered to the company 20 days in advance of the meeting. Moreover, subject to the
PRC Company Law, shareholders alone or in aggregate holding more than three percent of the
company’s shares may put forward a new proposal in writing to the board of directors ten days
before the general meeting is held. The board of directors shall, within two days upon receipt
of the proposal, notify the other shareholders, and submit the said proposal to the general
meeting for deliberation.

Under the PRC Company Law, shareholders present at shareholders’ general meeting
have one vote for each share they hold, save that shares held by the company are not entitled
to any voting rights.

Pursuant to the PRC Company Law and the Mandatory Provisions, resolutions of the
shareholders’ general meeting shall be adopted by more than half of the voting rights held by
the shareholders present at the meeting. However, resolutions of the shareholders’ general
meeting regarding the following matters shall be adopted by more than two-thirds of the voting
rights held by the shareholders present at the meeting:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

amendments to the articles of association;

the increase or decrease of registered capital;

the issue of any types of shares, warrants or other similar securities;

the issue of debentures;

the merger, division, dissolution, liquidation or change in the form of the company;
and

– III-9 –

