RISK FACTORS

You should carefully consider all of the information in this prospectus, including the
risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our H Shares.
These risks and uncertainties could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and operating results. The trading price of our H Shares could
significantly decrease due to any of these risks and uncertainties, and you may lose all
or part of your investment. You should pay particular attention to the fact that we are a
company incorporated in the PRC and most of our operations are conducted in the PRC
which is governed by a legal and regulatory environment that may differ from that of
other countries. For more information concerning the PRC and certain related matters
discussed below, see “Regulatory Overview”, “Appendix III – Summary of Principal
Legal and Regulatory Provisions” and “Appendix IV – Summary of Articles of
Association”. You should seek professional advice from relevant advisors regarding your
prospective investment in the context of your particular circumstances.

RISKS RELATING TO OUR FINANCIAL PROSPECTS

We depend substantially on the successful commercialization of our drug candidates in
the future, which may fail or experience significant delays. Given our high risk of business
failure as a new biopharmaceutical business, you may lose all or part of your investment
if our business fails.

As a new biopharmaceutical business, we currently do not have any drugs available for
commercial sales. Our ability to generate substantial revenue and become profitable in the
future depends substantially on the future sales of our drug products, which in turn depends on
the successful R&D, regulatory approval, commercialization and sales of our drug candidates
for the treatment of patients. The ultimate success of our drug candidates is subject to our
achieving certain milestones, including without limitation:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

identifying, assessing, acquiring and/or developing new drug candidates;

obtaining IND approval or similar regulatory approval for, successful enrollment in,
and completion of, clinical trials;

obtaining NDA approval or
authorizations for drug candidates;

similar

regulatory approvals

and marketing

developing a sustainable and scalable manufacturing process; and

launching and commercializing drug candidates for which we have obtained
regulatory approvals and marketing authorizations, either directly or with a
collaborator or distributor.

– 48 –

