OUR HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT

On December 25, 2017, Mr. Xiong Jun and Mr. Xiong Fengxiang entered into the 2017
Concert Party Agreement with Suzhou Ruiyuan, Suzhou Benyu, Shanghai Baoying, Meng
Xiaojun (孟曉君), Gao Shufang (高淑芳), Zhuhai Huapu Investment Management Co., Ltd.*
(珠海華樸投資管理有限公司) and Zhao Yun (趙雲).

On February 26, 2018, Mr. Xiong Jun entered into the 2018 Concert Party Agreement with
Gongqingcheng Juntuo Investment Management Partnership (LP)* (共青城君拓投資管理合夥
企業(有限合夥)).

The 2017 Concert Party Agreement and the 2018 Concert Party Agreement both provide
that in deciding how to vote on a proposed shareholders’ resolution of our Company, parties
to the respective Concert Party Agreements shall first discuss and reach a consensus as to how
to exercise their voting rights prior to the general meeting and exercise their voting rights
accordingly. In the event of failing to reach a consensus, Mr. Xiong Fengxiang and the Other
Concert Parties under the respective Concert Party Agreements agree to unconditionally follow
Mr. Xiong Jun’s directions when exercising their voting rights. To the best knowledge of our
Company, there is no agreement between the Other Concert Parties under the 2017 Concert
Party Agreement on the one hand, and the Other Concert Party under the 2018 Concert Party
Agreement on the other, and that since the Concert Party Agreements became effective, each
of Mr. Xiong Fengxiang and the Other Concert Parties has voted in accordance with Mr. Xiong
Jun’s directions and there has been no dispute in how to exercise their voting rights between
each of the Other Concert Parties, and Mr. Xiong Jun and Mr. Xiong Fengxiang.

To the best knowledge of our Company, the Other Concert Parties entered into the
Concert Party Agreements and deferred their voting power to Mr. Xiong Jun since their
economic interests as shareholders are aligned with that of Mr. Xiong Jun. By entrusting their
voting power to Mr. Xiong Jun, they believe that a unified application of voting rights by Mr.
Xiong Jun who understands our business and oversees our executive management, will benefit
our growth and prospects, which will in turn lead to better investment return to them. While
our Company is at the developmental stage aiming for commercialization and profitability, the
Other Concert Parties believed that consistent leadership and management, supported with
stronger control will be beneficial
to the overall strategic planning and decision-making
process. The Other Concert Parties have confidence and belief in Mr. Xiong Jun’s ability to
lead and manage our Company, and are willing to defer their voting power in the manner
stipulated under the Concert Party Agreements for the future growth and prospects of our
Company.

As of the Latest Practicable Date and immediately following the Global Offering, Mr.
Xiong Jun together with Mr. Xiong Fengxiang are the single largest shareholder combined
taking into account also the voting rights of the Other Concert Parties under the Concert Party
Agreements.

– 171 –

