REGULATORY OVERVIEW

administrative penalties against the act of bribery have been imposed by, inter alia, the finance
administration,
the NMPA; (5) any other
circumstances specified by laws, regulations and rules.

the industrial and commercial administration,

Coverage and Reimbursement

Historically, most of the medical expenses in the PRC have been borne by patients
out-of-pocket, which has limited the growth of more expensive pharmaceutical products.
However, in recent years, the number of people covered public and private insurance has
increased. In 2015,
the PRC government announced the Outline for the Planning of the
National Medical and Health Service System (2015-2020) (《全國醫療衛生服務體系規劃綱要
(2015-2020年)》) which aims to establish a basic medical and health care system that cover
both rural and urban citizens by 2020. Participants of the national medical insurance program
and their employers, if any, are required to contribute to the insurance program on a monthly
basis. Program participants are eligible for full or partial reimbursement of the costs of
medicines included in the National Reimbursement Drug List (《國家基本醫療保險藥品目
錄》), or the NRDL.

Reimbursement under the national medical insurance program

The national medical insurance program was first adopted pursuant to the Decision of the
State Council on the Establishment of the Urban Employee Basic Medical Insurance Program
(《國務院關於建立城鎮職工基本醫療保險制度的決定》)
issued by the State Council on
December 14, 1998, under which all employers in urban cities are required to enroll their
employees in the basic medical insurance program and the insurance premium is jointly
contributed by the employers and employees. The national medical insurance program was
further developed according to the Guiding Opinions of the State Council about the Pilot Urban
Resident Basic Medical Insurance (《國務院關於開展城鎮居民基本醫療保險試點的指導意
見》) on July 10, 2007, under which urban residents of the pilot district, rather than urban
employees, may voluntarily join Urban Resident Basic Medical Insurance. In addition, on
January 3, 2016, the Opinions on Integrating the Basic Medical Insurance Systems for Urban
and Rural Residents issued by the State Council (《國務院關於整合城鄉居民基本醫療保險制
度的意見》) required the integration of the urban resident basic medical insurance and the new
rural cooperative medical care system and the establishment of a unified basic medical
insurance system, which will cover all urban and rural residents expect for rural migrant
workers and persons in flexible employment arrangements who participate in the basic medical
insurance for urban employees.

Medical Insurance Catalogue

Participants of the national medical insurance program and their employers (if any), are
required to contribute to the payment of an insurance premium on a monthly basis. Program
participants are eligible for full or partial reimbursement of the cost of medicines included in
the medical insurance catalogue. Pursuant to the Interim Measures on the Administration of the
Drug Scope for Basic Medical Insurance of Urban Employees (《城鎮職工基本醫療保險用藥

– 142 –

