DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

CSRC from June 2001 to July 2002. Dr. He has served as an independent non-executive
director in the following listed companies: Bank of Tianjin Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the
Stock Exchange (stock code: 1578.HK) since June 2018, Norinco International Cooperation
Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000065.SZ)) since
January 2017, CITIC Securities Company Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange
(stock code: 6030.HK) and Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600030.SH)) since March
2016, China Chengtong Development Group Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange
(stock code: 217.HK)) since September 2015, Tsinghua Tongfang Co., Ltd. (a company listed
on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600100.SH)) since May 2015, Shenzhen
Xinguodu Technology Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock
code: 300130.SZ)) since May 2014, Tibet Huayu Mining Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the
Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 601020.SH)) from October 2015 to October 2018and
OP Financial Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1140.HK)) since
February 2003.

The Sole Sponsor and the Board have considered Dr. He’s concurrent service as an
independent non-executive director of the above seven other listed companies. The Sole
Sponsor concurs with the Directors’ view that
they are satisfied with Dr. He’s time
commitments to the affairs of our Company having regard to all relevant factors including:

(a)

based on the published annual reports for 2016 and 2017 of the other listed
companies in which he has directorships as of the Latest Practicable Date and the
confirmation from Dr. He, he has participated, by personal attendance or by
correspondence, in over 95% the board meetings of such listed companies during
these two years;

(b) Dr. He has sufficient knowledge and experience in discharging the directors’ duties
through his past working experience and his services as an independent non-
executive director in different listed companies. He has sufficient understanding in
his role as independent director of these companies and in estimating the time
required for attending to the affairs of each listed company;

(c) Dr. He has held directorship for over three years in five of the above listed
companies. He has confirmed that he has not found any difficulty in devoting and
managing his time to the listed companies that he is involved in and none of the
listed companies that he has directorship has questioned or complained about his
time devoted to the listed companies;

(d) Dr. He has confirmed and undertaken to our Company that he has the capability and
is committed to devote sufficient time to discharge his duties and responsibilities as
an independent non-executive Director of our Company, taking into account his
experience in acting as independent non-executive director of a number of listed
companies and the time he is required to devote to each of these listed companies;
and

– 268 –

