RISK FACTORS

extension or adjustment. Upon the expiration of our issued patent or patents that may issue
from our pending patent applications, we will not be able to assert such patent rights against
potential competitors and our business and results of operations may be adversely affected.

If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and
competitive position would be harmed.

In addition to our issued patent and pending patent applications, we rely on trade secrets,
including unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary information to maintain our
competitive position and to protect our drug candidates. We seek to protect these trade secrets,
in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties that have
access to them, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators,
sponsored researchers, contract manufacturers and other third parties. We also enter into
confidentiality agreements with our employees. However, any of these parties may breach such
agreements and disclose our proprietary information, and we may not be able to obtain
adequate remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or
misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the
outcome is unpredictable. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or
independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent them from using
that technology or information to compete with us and our competitive position would be
harmed.

We may be subject to claims that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged
trade secrets of their former employers.

Some of our employees were previously employed at other biotechnology or
pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. We may be
subject to claims that we or these employees have used or disclosed IP, including trade secrets
or other proprietary information, of any such employee’s former employer. We are not aware
of any threatened or pending claims related to these matters or concerning the agreements with
our senior management, but in the future litigation may be necessary to defend against such
claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we
may lose valuable IP rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against such
claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management.

– 74 –

