HOW TO APPLY FOR HONG KONG OFFER SHARES

Personal Data

The section of the Application Form headed “Personal Data” applies to any personal data
held by the Company, the H Share Registrar, the receiving bank, the Joint Global Coordinators,
the Underwriters and any of their respective advisers and agents about you in the same way as
it applies to personal data about applicants other than HKSCC Nominees.

7. WARNING FOR ELECTRONIC APPLICATIONS

The subscription of the Hong Kong Offer Shares by giving electronic application
instructions to HKSCC is only a facility provided to CCASS Participants. Similarly, the
application for Hong Kong Offer Shares through the HK eIPO White Form service is also
only a facility provided by the HK eIPO White Form service to public investors. Such
facilities are subject to capacity limitations and potential service interruptions and you are
advised not to wait until the last application day in making your electronic applications. The
Company,
the Joint Global
Coordinators and the Underwriters take no responsibility for such applications and provide no
assurance that any CCASS Participant or person applying through the HK eIPO White Form
service will be allotted any Hong Kong Offer Shares.

the Joint Bookrunners,

the Directors,

the Sole Sponsor,

To ensure that CCASS Investor Participants can give their electronic application
instructions, they are advised not to wait until the last minute to input their instructions to the
systems. In the event that CCASS Investor Participants have problems in the connection to
CCASS Phone System/CCASS Internet System for submission of electronic application
instructions, they should either (i) submit a WHITE or YELLOW Application Form, or (ii)
go to HKSCC’s Customer Service Centre to complete an input request form for electronic
application instructions before 12:00 noon on Friday, December 14, 2018.

8. HOW MANY APPLICATIONS CAN YOU MAKE

Multiple applications for the Hong Kong Offer Shares are not allowed except by
nominees. If you are a nominee, in the box on the Application Form marked “For nominees”
you must include:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

an account number; or

some other identification code,

for each beneficial owner or, in the case of joint beneficial owners, for each joint beneficial
owner. If you do not include this information, the application will be treated as being made for
your benefit.

– 378 –

