APPENDIX I

Leasing

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and

rewards of ownership to the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.

The Group as lessee

Operating lease payments, including the cost of acquiring land held under operating leases, are recognised as

an expenses on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

Leasehold land and building

When the Group makes payments for a property interest which includes both leasehold land and building
elements, the Group assesses the classification of each element separately based on the assessment as to whether
substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of each element have been transferred to the Group,
unless it is clear that both elements are operating leases in which case the entire property is accounted as an operating
lease. Specifically, the entire consideration (including any lump-sum upfront payments) is allocated between the
leasehold land and the building elements in proportion to the relative fair values of the leasehold interests in the land
element and building element at initial recognition.

To the extent the allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in leasehold land that is
accounted for as an operating lease is presented as “prepaid lease payments” in the consolidated statement of
financial position and is amortised over the lease term on a straight-line basis.

Foreign currencies

In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the
functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges prevailing at the dates
of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are
retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in
a foreign currency are not retranslated.

Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items,

are recognised in profit or loss for the period in which they arise.

For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s
foreign operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. RMB) using exchange rates
prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expenses items are translated at the average exchange rates
for the period. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated
in equity under the heading of translation reserve (attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate).

Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which
are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to
the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss for the period in which they are incurred.

Government grants

Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the

conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group
recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically, government
grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire non-current assets
are recognised as deferred income in the consolidated statement of financial position and transferred to profit or loss
on a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

– I-19 –

