REGULATORY OVERVIEW

used to prevent and control pollution for a construction project should designed, constructed
and used at the same time when the main part of a project is designed, constructed and used.
Such prevention and control facilities must be in compliance with the requirements of the
environment evaluation documents approved and such facilities must not be removed or leave
unused. An enterprise must report to and file record with the administrative environmental
protection authorities in respect of any pollutant discharge. Such enterprise must comply with
the national and local discharge standards in its daily operations in respect of water pollutants,
solid waste, exhaust gas, noise and other pollutants.

Impact

(2017 revision)

According to the Law of the PRC on Environmental Impact Assessment (2016 revision)
(《中華人民共和國環境影響評價法(2016年修訂)》), the Regulations on the Administration of
Construction Project Environmental Protection (2017 revision) (《建設項目環境保護管理條例
(2017年修訂)》) and the Classified Management Directory of
the Construction Project
(《建設項目環境影響評價分類管理名錄(2017年修
Environmental
訂)》), classification management is implemented in respect of any environmental impact of
a construction project on the basis of degree of such impact of the construction project on the
environment. The environmental impact assessment of the construction project should be made
by a qualified institution by preparing an environmental impact report, an environmental
impact report form or an environmental impact registration form on the basis of the following
principles: (1) where considerable effects may be exerted on the environment, preparing a
written report on environmental effects, in which a comprehensive evaluation of the effects on
the environment shall be made; (2) where mild effects may be exerted on the environment,
preparing a statement on the effects, in which an analysis or special evaluation of the effects
shall be made; (3) where the effects on the environment are very little and therefore it is not
necessary to make an evaluation of them, filling out a registration form of environmental
effects. Where the environmental impact assessment documents of a construction project are
not reviewed by the relevant examination and approval department pursuant to the law or are
not approved after review, the construction unit concerned shall not commence the construction
of the said project.

GOVERNMENT REGULATION – UNITED STATES

We operate in a highly regulated industry that is subject to significant federal, state, and
local regulation. Our business has been, and will continue to be, subject to a variety of laws
including the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FFDCA, and the Public Health Service
Act, or PHS Act, among others. Biologics are subject to regulation under the FFDCA and PHS
Act.

In the United States, biopharmaceutical products are subject to extensive regulation by
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA. The FFDCA, PHS Act, and other federal and
state statutes and regulations, govern, among other things, the research, development, testing,
manufacture, storage, recordkeeping, regulatory approval,
labeling,
promotion and marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling, and
import and export of these products. Failure to comply with applicable U.S. requirements may
subject a company to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as FDA refusal to

license or clearance,

– 146 –

