APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL LEGAL AND
REGULATORY PROVISIONS

If a liquidation group is not established within the stipulated period, creditors may apply
to the people’s court, requesting the court to appoint relevant personnel to form the liquidation
group. The people’s court should accept such application and form a liquidation group to
conduct liquidation in a timely manner.

The liquidation group shall notify the company’s creditors within ten days after its
establishment, and issue public notices in newspapers within 60 days. A creditor shall lodge
his/her claim with the liquidation group within 30 days after receiving notification or within
45 days of the public notice if he/she did not receive any notification.

The company’s remaining assets after payment of liquidation expenses, wages, social
insurance expenses and statutory compensation, outstanding taxes and debt shall be distributed
to shareholders according to their shareholding proportion. It shall continue to exist during the
liquidation period, although it can only engage in any operating activities that are related to the
liquidation. The company’s properties shall not be distributed to the shareholders before
repayments are made in accordance to the foregoing provisions.

Upon liquidation of the company’s properties and the preparation of the balance sheet and
inventory of assets, if the liquidation group becomes aware that the company does not have
sufficient assets to meet its liabilities, it must apply to the people’s court for a declaration for
bankruptcy.

Following such declaration, the liquidation group shall hand over all matters relating to

the liquidation to the people’s court.

Upon completion of the liquidation, the liquidation group shall submit a liquidation report
to the shareholders’ general meeting or the people’s court for verification. Thereafter, the report
shall be submitted to the registration authority of the company in order to cancel the company’s
registration, and a public notice of its termination shall be issued. Members of the liquidation
group are required to discharge their duties honestly and in compliance with the relevant laws.

A member of the liquidation group is liable to indemnify the company and its creditors

in respect of any loss arising from his/her intentional or gross negligence.

Overseas Listing

The shares of a company shall only be listed overseas after obtaining approval from the
securities regulatory authority of the State Council and the listing must be arranged in
accordance with procedures specified by the State Council.

According to the Special Regulations, a company’s plan to issue H shares and domestic
invested shares which has been approved by the CSRC may be implemented respectively by
the board of directors of a company, within 15 months after approval is obtained from the
CSRC.

– III-16 –

