RISK FACTORS

Secondly, the IP right application process is expensive and time-consuming, and we may
not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable
cost or in a timely manner. There can be no assurance that our pending patent applications will
result in issued patents in the PRC or other jurisdictions in which such applications are
pending.

Thirdly, even if our applications result in the granting of IP rights, they may not be in a
form that will provide us with sufficient, or any meaningful protection of our technology or
drug candidates, prevent competitors from competing with us or otherwise provide us with any
competitive advantage. Our patents may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the
PRC and abroad. Such challenges may result in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or
held unenforceable, which could limit our ability to stop or prevent us from stopping others
from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and drug candidates, or limit the
duration of the patent protection of our technology and drug candidates. The patent position of
biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex
legal and factual questions and has in recent years been the subject of much litigation. As a
result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights
are highly uncertain. Further, changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent
laws in the PRC and other countries may diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope
of our patent protection.

Periodic maintenance fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to the relevant patent
agencies in several stages over the lifetime of the patent. The various governmental patent
agencies may require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment, and
other similar provisions during the patent application process. Although an inadvertent lapse
can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the
applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or
lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights
in the relevant jurisdiction. Noncompliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse
of a patent or patent application include failure to respond to official actions within prescribed
time limits, non-payment of fees, and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents.
In any such event, our competitors might be able to enter the market, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business.

Lastly, our competitors may be able to circumvent our patents by developing similar or
alternative technology or drug candidates in a non-infringing manner. Given the amount of
time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new drug candidates,
patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are
commercialized. As a result, our patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to
exclude others from commercializing drug candidates similar or identical to ours.

– 70 –

