APPENDIX IV

SUMMARY OF ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

The Domestic Shares issued by our Company shall be kept at China Securities Depository
and Clearing Corporation Limited, and the register of Domestic shareholders and the number
of shares held by the shareholders shall be subject to the data recorded in the securities
bookkeeping system of China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited.

H Shares of our Company shall be put under custody of the company authorized by

HKSCC Nominees Limited, and may also be held by H shareholders in their own names.

Our Company shall keep a complete register of Shareholders. The register of

Shareholders shall include:

1)

2)

3)

The register of Shareholders maintained at our Company’s domicile (other than
those described in item 2) and 3) below);

The register of holders of Overseas Listed Foreign Shares of our Company
maintained at the place where the overseas securities exchange on which the Shares
are listed is located; and

The register of Shareholders maintained at such other place as our Board of
Directors may consider necessary for the purpose of listing of our Shares.

When our Company intends to convene a general meeting, distribute dividends, liquidate
and engage in other activities that involve determination of shareholdings, the Board shall
designate a day to be the record day. Shareholders whose names appear in the register of
Shareholders at the end of the record date are Shareholders of our Company.

Subject to payment of a reasonable fee, shareholders shall have the right to inspect and

copy the register of shareholders.

XVI.QUORUM OF GENERAL MEETINGS

Our Company shall, based on the written replies received 20 days before the
commencement of the shareholders’ meeting, calculate the shares with voting rights held by
those shareholders intending to attend the meeting. A shareholders’ meeting may be convened
if those shareholders intending to attend have more than half of the company’s shares with
voting rights; if not, the company shall, within five days, notify the shareholders once again
through public announcement of those matters to be discussed at the meeting, and the date and
location of the meeting. Our Company may convene the shareholders’ meeting only after such
public announcement has been made.

– IV-19 –

