APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying
amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss. In addition, on
derecognition of an investment in a debt instrument classified as at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously
accumulated in the investments revaluation reserve is reclassified to profit or loss.

Financial liabilities and equity instruments

Classification as debt or equity

Debt and equity instruments issued by a group entity are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity
in accordance with substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity
instrument.

Equity instruments

An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting
all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by a group entity are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct
issue costs.

Financial liabilities

All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method or at

FVTPL.

Financial liabilities at FVTPL

Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is designated as at FVTPL.

A financial liability may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial recognition if:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that
would otherwise arise; or

the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which is
managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the Group’s
documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about the grouping is provided
internally on that basis; or

it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9 permits the entire
combined contract to be designated as at FVTPL.

Financial liabilities at FVTPL are stated at fair value with any gains or losses arising on changes in fair value
recognised in profit or loss to the extent that they are not part of a designated hedging relationship. The net gain or
loss recognised in profit or loss incorporates any interest paid on the financial liabilities and is included in the ‘other
gains and losses’ line item.

liability that

is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that

However, for financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of
the financial
liability is recognised in other
comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk in other
comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit or loss. The remaining amount of
change in the fair value of liability is recognised in profit or loss. Changes in fair value attributable to a financial
liability’s credit risk that are recognised in other comprehensive income are not subsequently reclassified to profit
or loss; instead, they are transferred to accumulated losses upon derecognition of the financial liability.

Convertible loan notes

A conversion option that will be settled other than by exchange of a fixed amount of cash or another financial
asset for a fixed number of the Group’s own equity instruments is a conversion option derivative. The Group
designated the convertible loan notes as at FVTPL upon initial recognition because the convertible loan notes contract
contains one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9 permits the entire combined contract to be designated as at
FVTPL (see the accounting policy above).

– I-28 –

