BUSINESS

opinion of our Directors, is likely to materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition or results of operations. As of the Latest Practicable Date, the Company, none of our
Directors or senior management was involved in any material
litigation, arbitration or
administrative proceeding.

HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION

Health and Occupational Safety

We are subject to various PRC laws and regulations in respect of health and occupational
safety. We have adopted and maintained a series of rules, standard operating procedures and
measures to maintain a healthy and safe environment for our employees. We carefully design
our R&D facilities and production facilities to ensure safe storage and handling of flammable
or corrosive materials used in our manufacturing process, mainly including ethanol,
acetonitrile, caustic soda, hydrochloric acid and liquefied petroleum gas. Additionally, we
appoint qualified consulting firms
to conduct on-site safety assessment and hazard
identification, which help us enhance our overall health and safety management effectiveness.
As of the Latest Practicable Date, we had not experienced any material accidents in the course
of our operation and our Directors were not aware of any claims for personal or property
damages in connection with health and occupational safety.

Environmental Protection

We are subject to national and local environmental laws and regulations of the PRC.
During our R&D and production processes, we must comply with PRC laws and regulations
concerning the discharge of air, water and solid waste as well as noise control. In addition, an
environmental impact study report should be prepared by a qualified institution setting forth
the impact the proposed construction project may have on the environment and the measures
to prevent or mitigate the impact
to
commencement of construction of the relevant project. For details on PRC environmental laws
and regulations we are subject to, please refer to “Regulatory Overview – Other Laws and
Regulations in Relation to Our Business – Environment Protection” in this prospectus.

for approval by the government authority prior

We have established detailed internal rules regarding environmental protection. We test
effluent water to ensure compliance with national emission standards. Solid waste is sorted for
proper disposal. Hazardous waste is sent to qualified third parties for treatment. When a new
construction project
is proposed, we conduct comprehensive analysis and testing on the
environmental issues involved in the production processes.

– 246 –

