STRUCTURE OF THE GLOBAL OFFERING

Allocation

Allocation of H Shares to investors under the Hong Kong Public Offering will be based
solely on the level of valid applications received under the Hong Kong Public Offering. The
basis of allocation may vary, depending on the number of Hong Kong Offer Shares validly
applied for by applicants. Such allocation could, where appropriate, consist of balloting, which
would mean that some applicants may receive a higher allocation than others who have applied
for the same number of Hong Kong Offer Shares, and those applicants who are not successful
in the ballot may not receive any Hong Kong Offer Shares.

The total number of Hong Kong Offer Shares available under the Hong Kong Public
Offering (after taking account of any reallocation referred to below) will be divided equally
into two pools (subject to adjustment of odd lot size) for allocation purposes: 7,946,000 Hong
Kong Offer Shares for pool A and 7,946,000 Hong Kong Offer Shares for pool B.

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

Pool A: The Hong Kong Offer Shares in Pool A will be allocated on an equitable
basis to applicants who have applied for Hong Kong Offer Shares with a total
subscription price of HK$5 million (excluding the brokerage, SFC transaction levy
and the Stock Exchange trading fee payable) or less.

Pool B: The Hong Kong Offer Shares in Pool B will be allocated on an equitable
basis to applicants who have applied for Hong Kong Offer Shares with a total
subscription price of more than HK$5 million (excluding the brokerage, SFC
transaction levy and the Stock Exchange trading fee payable) and up to the total
value of pool B.

For the purpose of this sub-section only, the “subscription price” for Hong Kong Offer
Shares means the price payable on application (without regard to the Offer Price as finally
determined).

Applicants should be aware that applications in Pool A and applications in Pool B may
receive different allocation ratios. If Hong Kong Offer Shares in one (but not both) of the two
pools are undersubscribed, the surplus Hong Kong Offer Shares will be transferred to the other
pool to satisfy demand in that other pool and be allocated accordingly.

Applicants can only receive an allocation of Hong Kong Offer Shares from either Pool A
or Pool B, but not from both pools. Multiple or suspected multiple applications and any
application for more than 7,946,000 Hong Kong Offer Shares will be rejected.

– 353 –

