APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL LEGAL AND
REGULATORY PROVISIONS

Quorum for Shareholders’ Meetings

Under Hong Kong law, the quorum for a shareholders’ meeting is two members, unless
the articles of association of a company specifies otherwise or the company has only one
member, in which case the quorum is one. The PRC Company Law does not specify any
quorum requirement for a shareholders’ general meeting, but the Special Regulations and the
Mandatory Provisions provide that general meetings may only be convened when replies to the
notice of that meeting have been received from shareholders whose shares represent at least
50% of the voting rights at least 20 days before the proposed date of the meeting, or if that 50%
level is not achieved, the company shall within five days notify its shareholders again by way
of a public announcement and the shareholders’ general meeting may be held thereafter.

Notice of Shareholders’ Meetings

Under the PRC Company Law, notice of a shareholders’ annual general meeting must be
given not less than 20 days before the meeting. If a company issues bearer shares, notice of a
shareholders’ general meeting must be given at least 30 days prior to the meeting. Under the
Special Regulations and the Mandatory Provisions, at least 45 days’ written notice must be
given to all shareholders, and shareholders who wish to attend the general meeting must return
the written reply slip for attending the meeting to the company at least 20 days before the date
of the meeting. For a company incorporated in Hong Kong, the minimum periods of notice are
14 days and 21 days in the case of a general meeting to be convened for the adoption of an
ordinary resolution and a special resolution. The notice period is 21 days in the case of an
annual general meeting.

Voting at Shareholders’ Meetings

Under Hong Kong law, an ordinary resolution is passed by a simple majority of
affirmative votes cast by shareholders vote in person, or by proxy, at a general meeting, and
a special resolution is passed by a majority of at least 75% of affirmative votes casted by
shareholders vote in person, or by proxy, at a general meeting. Under the PRC Company Law,
the passing of any resolution requires more than one-half of the affirmative votes held by our
shareholders present in person or by proxy at a shareholders’ meeting except in cases such as
proposed amendments to our Articles of Association, increase or decrease of registered capital,
merger, division, dissolution or transformation, which require two-thirds of the affirmative
votes cast by shareholders present in person or by proxy at a shareholders’ general meeting.

Share Capital

The registered share capital of a joint stock limited liability company incorporated under
the PRC Company Law shall be the same as its issued share capital. For a Hong Kong company,
there is no authorized share capital.

– III-20 –

