APPENDIX IV

SUMMARY OF ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

XIII.PROXIES OF SHAREHOLDERS

Any Shareholder entitled to attend and vote at a general meeting of our Company shall
be entitled to appoint one or more persons (who need not be a Shareholder or Shareholders)
as his/her proxy or proxies to attend the general meetings and vote on behalf of him. A proxy
so appointed shall enjoy the following rights pursuant to authorization by that Shareholder:

1)

2)

3)

The Shareholders’ right to speak at the general meeting;

The right to demand or join in demanding a poll; or

The right to vote by hand or on a poll, but a proxy of a Shareholder who has
appointed more than one proxy may only vote on a poll.

The appointment of a proxy by a Shareholder shall be in writing and signed by the
appointer or his/her attorney duly entrusted in written, or in the case of a legal person, shall
be either affixed with its legal person seal or signed by a Director or a duly authorized attorney.

Any format of a letter of proxy issued by the board of directors used in appointing a proxy
on behalf of a shareholder shall allow the shareholder to freely choose to instruct that proxy
as to whether or not
to make an affirmative or negative vote and to give instructions
respectively on matters to be decided by vote at the meeting. A letter of proxy shall clearly state
that if a shareholder does not give instructions, the proxy may vote according to his/her
judgment.

XIV. CAPITAL CALLS AND CONFISCATION OF SHARES

Any amount paid upon any Shares before a call is made shall bear interest thereon.
However, the Shareholder is not entitled to participate in any dividends of such pre-paid share
capital declared subsequently.

Under the premise in pursuant to relevant PRC laws and regulations, our Company may
exercise the right to forfeit unclaimed dividends, but that power shall not be exercised until the
expiration of the applicable period.

XV. INSPECTING THE

REGISTER

AND OTHER

RIGHTS OF

THE

SHAREHOLDERS

Our company shall establish the register of shareholders, and the register of shareholders
is sufficient evidence of the company shares held by shareholders. A shareholder of our
Company is a holder of shares of our Company in accordance with laws and whose name (title)
is entered in the register of shareholders.

– IV-18 –

