STRUCTURE OF THE GLOBAL OFFERING

OVER-ALLOTMENT OPTION

In connection with the Global Offering, it is expected that our Company will grant the
Over-allotment Option to the International Underwriters, which will be exercisable by the Lead
Global Coordinator on behalf of the International Underwriters.

Pursuant to the Over-allotment Option, the International Underwriters have the right,
exercisable by the Lead Global Coordinator on behalf of the International Underwriters at any
time from the Listing Date to the 30th day after the last day for lodging applications under the
Hong Kong Public Offering, to require our Company to issue and allot up to 23,836,500
additional Offer Shares, representing approximately 15% of the maximum number of the initial
Offer Shares initially available under the Global Offering, at
the Offer Price under the
International Placing, to cover over-allocations in the International Placing, if any.

If the Over-allotment Option is exercised in full, the additional International Placing
Shares to be issued pursuant thereto will represent approximately 3.04% of our Company’s
enlarged issued share capital immediately following the completion of the Global Offering and
the exercise of the Over-allotment Option. In the event that the Over-allotment Option is
exercised, a public announcement will be made.

STABILIZING ACTION

Stabilization is a practice used by underwriters in some markets to facilitate the
distribution of securities. To stabilize, the underwriters may bid for, or purchase, the securities
in the secondary market, during a specified period of time, to curb and, if possible, prevent any
decline in the market price of the securities below the Offer Price. It may be effected in
jurisdictions where it is permissible to do so and subject to all applicable laws and regulatory
requirements. In Hong Kong and certain other jurisdictions, activity aimed at reducing the
market price is prohibited. The price at which stabilization is effected is not permitted to
exceed the Offer Price.

In connection with the Global Offering, the Stabilizing Manager, or any person acting for
it, on behalf of the Underwriters, may to the extent permitted by applicable laws of Hong Kong
or elsewhere, over-allocate or effect short sales or any other stabilizing transactions with a
view to stabilizing or maintaining the market price of our H Shares at a level higher than that
which might otherwise prevail in the open market for a limited period after the last day of the
lodging of applications under the Hong Kong Public Offering. Short sales involve the sale by
the Stabilizing Manager of a greater number of H Shares than the Underwriters are required to
purchase in the Global Offering. “Covered” short sales are sales made in an amount not greater
than the Over-allotment Option. The Stabilizing Manager may close out the covered short
position by either exercising the Over-allotment Option to purchase additional Offer Shares or
purchasing H Shares in the open market. In determining the source of the Offer Shares to close
out the covered short position, the Stabilizing Manager will consider, among other things, the
price of Offer Shares in the open market as compared to the price at which they may purchase
additional Offer Shares pursuant to the Over-allotment Option. Stabilizing transactions consist

– 357 –

