RISK FACTORS

for funding. If adequate funds are not available, whether on satisfactory terms or at all, we may
be forced to delay or abandon our development and expansion plans, and our business,
financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.

Raising additional capital may lead to dilution of shareholdings by our existing
shareholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technology
or drug candidates.

We may seek additional funding through a combination of equity offerings, debt
financings and collaborations. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of
equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of existing holders of the Shares
will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect
the rights of existing holders of the H Shares.

The incurrence of additional indebtedness or the issuance of certain equity securities
could result in increased fixed payment obligations and could also result in certain additional
restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt or issue
additional equity, limitations on our ability to acquire or license IP rights and other operating
restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business.

In addition, issuance of additional equity securities, or the possibility of such issuance,
may cause the market price of the H Shares to decline. In the event that we enter into
collaborations or licensing arrangements in order to raise capital, we may be required to accept
unfavorable terms, including relinquishing or licensing to third parties on unfavorable terms
our rights to technology or drug candidates that we otherwise would seek to develop or
commercialize ourselves or reserve for potential future arrangements when we might be able
to achieve more favorable terms, which may in turn have a material adverse impact on our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

We may not be able to receive government grants in the future.

We recorded government grants as other income during the Track Record Period. For the
years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017 and the six months ended June 30, 2018, we recorded
total government grants of RMB13.7 million, RMB2.6 million and RMB1.0 million,
respectively. Government grants include subsidies from the PRC government which are
specifically for (i) the capital expenditure incurred for plant and machinery, which is
recognised as income over the useful life of the related assets; (ii) the incentive and other
subsidies for research and development activities and (iii) other subsidies for listing on NEEQ,
which are recognised upon meeting the attached conditions. The government grants we
received during the Track Record Period are mostly non-recurrent in nature. We may not be
able to receive government grants in the future, which may have a negative impact on our
business, financial condition and results of operations.

– 53 –

