SUMMARY

This summary aims to give you an overview of the information contained in this
prospectus. As this is a summary, it does not contain all the information that may be
important to you and is qualified by its entirety by, and should be read in conjunction
with, the full text of this prospectus.

You should read the whole document before you decide to invest in the Offer Shares.
There are risks associated with any investment. Some of the particular risks of investing
in the Offer Shares are set forth in the section headed “Risk Factors”. You should read
that section carefully before you decide to invest in the Offer Shares. In particular, we
are a biotech company seeking to list on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange under
Chapter 18A of the Listing Rules on the basis that we are unable to meet
the
requirement under Rule 8.05(1), (2) or (3) of the Listing Rules. There are unique
challenges, risks and uncertainties associated with investing in companies such as ours.
Your investment decision should be made in lights of these considerations.

OVERVIEW

We are an innovation-driven biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery and
development of innovative drugs and their clinical research and commercialization on a global
scale. Our mission is to provide patients with treatment options that work better and cost less.
Equipped with our core platform technology of protein engineering, we stand at the frontier of
R&D of macromolecular drugs. With our distinguished capability of innovative drug discovery,
advanced biotechnological R&D, large-scale production capacity on the full industry chain and
rapidly expanding drug candidate portfolio of tremendous market potential, we have a leading
edge in the PRC in the emerging field of immuno-oncology and for the treatment of
autoimmune and metabolic diseases. We are the first PRC company to file IND application and
NDA with the NMPA for anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody and the first PRC company to receive
IND approvals from the NMPA for anti-PCSK9 monoclonal antibody and anti-BLyS
monoclonal antibody. Our aim is to develop first-in-class and best-in-class drugs through
original
innovation and become a pioneer in the area of translational medicine. As we
supplement our product pipeline and explore drug combination therapies, we expect our
innovation field to expand to R&D of more types of drugs, including small molecule drugs and
antibody drug conjugates (or ADCs), as well as the exploration of the next-generation
innovative therapies for cancer and autoimmune diseases.

We operate in the fast-growing biologics market where biotechnology is revolutionizing
medical treatments for a wide array of major diseases globally. Compared with the traditional
small molecular drugs, macromolecular biologics benefit from high specificity and selective
targeting, have better tolerance, less toxic side effects and better efficacy, and are recognized
in the pharmaceutical market.
as an increasingly important category of medical product
According to the F&S Report,
the global biologics market
is expected to increase from
USD240.2 billion in 2017 to USD404.0 billion in 2022, representing a CAGR of 11.0%. In
China, where we are headquartered, the biologics market is also growing fast along with the

– 1 –

