RISK FACTORS

implementation of such measures. In addition,
it cannot be accurately predicted whether
changes in the PRC’s political, economic and social conditions, laws, regulations and policies
will have any adverse effect on our current or future business, financial condition and results
of operations.

Our business may be adversely affected by trade or import protection policies.

We rely on certain overseas suppliers, including suppliers in the U.S., for the supply of
certain raw materials, R&D and manufacturing equipment and tools. In the event that the
Chinese government imposes import tariffs, trade restrictions or other trade barriers affecting
the importation of such raw materials, equipment or tools, we may not be able to find
alternative suppliers on comparable terms, or at all, which may lead to an increase in our costs
or significant delays in our R&D and manufacturing processes. We may also in the future sell
some of our products in the U.S. and other overseas jurisdictions. In the event that any of these
jurisdictions imposes trade sanctions on China or enforces import restriction or tariffs, this may
reduce the competitiveness of our products in such jurisdictions or prevent us from selling our
products in such jurisdictions, and our business and operations may be materially and adversely
affected.

Extraordinary events such as natural calamities, public health epidemics, political unrest,
terrorist attacks and other catastrophes could adversely affect our business operations
and financial performance.

The PRC has experienced natural calamities in recent years such as earthquakes, floods,
droughts, extreme rain, snow and freezing weather and typhoons. Further, an outbreak of any
widespread public health problem in the PRC, such as Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome,
avian influenza or H1N1 and H7N9 influenza, could negatively affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Our operations may be affected by a number of
health-related factors,
facilities and employees and travel
restrictions.

including quarantines of our

Fluctuations in exchange rates could result in foreign currency exchange losses and could
materially reduce the value of your investment.

While our audited consolidated financial statements are prepared in Renminbi, a small
portion of our expenses, assets and liabilities during the Track Record Period, respectively, was
denominated in other currencies, in particular the U.S. dollar, mainly in relation to our wholly
owned subsidiary TopAlliance incorporated in the U.S. that carries out biotechnology R&D. As
a result, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange risk. We have entered into several
foreign exchange forward contracts with banks in order to manage our foreign currency
exposure in relation to USD. The last of such contracts reached maturity in May 2018. During
the Track Record Period, we recorded the changes in fair value of foreign exchange forward
contracts of net gains of RMB4.6 million in 2016, net loss of RMB31.1 million in 2017 and
net loss of RMB6.4 million in the six months ended June 30, 2018. As at June 30, 2018, we
had cash and cash equivalent of RMB196.5 million and financial liabilities of RMB7.6 million

– 84 –

