APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL LEGAL AND
REGULATORY PROVISIONS

Under Hong Kong law, the directors of a Hong Kong company may, with the prior
approval of the shareholders if required, issue new shares of the company. The PRC Company
Law does not provide for authorized share capital. Any increase in the Company’s registered
capital must be approved by our Shareholders’ general meeting and shall be approved by/filed
with the relevant PRC governmental and regulatory authorities (if applicable). Upon
completion of the issuance of new shares duly approved, the company shall register the
increased share capital with the relevant State Administration for Industry and Commerce.

Under the PRC Company Law, the shares may be subscribed for in the form of money or
non-monetary assets (other than assets not entitled to be used as capital contributions under
relevant laws or administrative regulations). For non-monetary assets to be used as capital
contributions, appraisals must be carried out
to ensure there is no over-valuation or
under-valuation of the assets. There is no such restriction on a company incorporated in Hong
Kong.

Restrictions on Shareholding and Transfer of Shares

Under

the Special Regulations, except otherwise permitted under

the Provisional
Measures on Management of
Investing in Overseas Securities by Qualified Domestic
Institutional Investors (《合格境內機構投資者境外證券投資管理試行辦法》), H shares shall
only be held and traded by overseas investors. Hong Kong laws do not impose restrictions on
individuals dealing in shares of Hong Kong companies on the basis of his residence or
nationality.

Under the PRC Company Law, shares in a joint stock limited liability company held by
its promoters, directors and senior management cannot be transferred within certain periods.
Shares in issue prior to the company’s public offering cannot be transferred within one year
from the listing date of its shares on the stock exchange. There are no such restrictions under
Hong Kong law although there are the six-month lock-up on our Company’s issue of Shares
and the 6-month lock-up on Mr. Xiong Jun and Mr. Xiong Fengxiang, our single largest
shareholder, on disposal of Shares, as illustrated by the respective undertakings given by them
to the Stock Exchange as described in “Underwriting” in this prospectus.

Variation of Class Rights

The PRC Company Law makes no specific provision relating to variation of class rights.
However, the PRC Company Law states that the State Council can promulgate requirements
relating to other kinds of shares. The Mandatory Provisions contain detailed provisions relating
to the circumstances which are deemed to be variations of class rights and the approval
procedures required to be followed in respect thereof. These provisions have been incorporated
in the Articles of Association, which are summarized in “Appendix IV – Summary of Articles
of Association”.

– III-21 –

