RISK FACTORS

RMB200.0 million. In October 2018, we entered into a four-year loan facility of up to
RMB150.0 million with the Bank of Shanghai and drew down RMB80.0 million of guaranteed
and secured loan under such facility as of November 30, 2018. We are in the process of drawing
down the remaining amount of the loan facility. In October 2018, we received loans totalling
RMB18.0 million from Independent Third Parties due in 12 months. For further details on our
borrowings, see “Financial Information – Indebtedness”. We have also received government
grants and subsidies of RMB9.5 million, RMB41.4 million and RMB5.3 million in 2016, 2017
and the six months ended June 30, 2018, respectively.

We require additional capital resources to pursue our growth strategy through organic
expansion as well as strategic investments and to remain competitive by responding in a timely
manner to technological changes or market demand. In particular, we require significant capital
to build, maintain, operate and expand our production facilities and engage in research and
development activities.

We expect to meet our funding needs through cash flows from operations, securities
offerings, bank borrowings and other external financing sources. In particular, we expect to use
the funds generated from the sales of our drug products, which may be delayed or may fail to
materialize. Our ability to obtain additional financing will depend on a number of factors,
including our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, China’s economic
development, costs of financing including changes in interest rates, prevailing conditions in the
capital markets and regulatory requirements. Any failure to obtain sufficient funding on a
timely basis on acceptable terms or, to the extent required, receive necessary approvals for our
financing plans from the regulatory authorities may cause us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate
pre-clinical studies, clinical trials or other R&D activities or commercialization of our drug
candidates, which may in turn have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial
position and results of operations.

We recorded net current liabilities as at November 30, 2018 and cannot assure you that
we will not experience net current liabilities in the future.

We had a net current liabilities position as at November 30, 2018. As at November 30,
2018, we had net current liabilities of approximately RMB2.7 million, which was primarily due
to a decrease in bank balances and cash of RMB211.5 million which was mainly used for our
clinical
trials, staff salary and welfare for research and development personnel and the
construction of our production facilities, a decrease in other financial assets of RMB78.7
million which mainly reflected our redemption of our financial products, an increase in trade
and other payables of RMB117.1 million and an increase in short-term borrowings of RMB92.1
million, both of which were mainly used to support our construction of production facilities.
Please refer to the section headed “Financial Information – Current Assets and Liabilities” in
this prospectus for details. We may have net current liabilities in the future. Having significant
net current liabilities could constrain our operational flexibility and adversely affect our ability
to expand our business. If we do not generate sufficient cash flow from our operations to meet
our present and future financial needs, we may need to rely on additional external borrowing

– 52 –

