APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on acquisition of a joint venture is described below.

Investments in a joint venture

A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights
to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control
is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an
arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties
sharing control.

The results and assets and liabilities of a joint venture are incorporated in these consolidated financial
statements using the equity method of accounting. In case that the joint venture uses accounting policies that differ
from those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances, appropriate adjustments have been
made to conform the joint venture’s accounting policies to those of the Group. Under the equity method, an
investment in a joint venture is initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and
adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of joint
venture. Changes in net assets of the joint venture other than profit or loss and other comprehensive income are not
accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in ownership interest held by the Group. When the Group’s
share of losses of joint venture exceeds the Group’s interest in that joint venture (which includes any long-term
interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in the joint venture), the Group discontinues
recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred
legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of joint venture.

An investment in a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the investee
becomes a joint venture. On acquisition of the investment in a joint venture, any excess of the cost of the investment
over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised as
goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the
net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised
immediately in profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.

The requirements of IAS 28 are applied to assess whether there are objective evidence that the Group’s
investment in a joint venture may be impaired. When necessary, the entire carrying amount of the investment
(including goodwill) is tested for impairment
in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its
recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any
impairment loss recognised forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss
is recognised in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently
increases.

When a group entity transacts with a joint venture of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the
transactions with a joint venture are recognised in the Group’s consolidated financial statements only to the extent
of interests in the joint venture that are not related to the Group.

Interests in joint operations

A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have
is the
rights to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities, relating to the joint arrangement. Joint control
contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant
activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

When a group entity undertakes its activities under joint operations, the Group as a joint operator recognises

in relation to its interest in a joint operation:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

its assets, including its share of any assets held jointly;

its liabilities, including its share of any liabilities incurred jointly;

its revenue from the sale of its share of the output arising from the joint operation;

its share of the revenue from the sale of the output by the joint operation; and

its expenses, including its share of any expenses incurred jointly.

– I-17 –

