APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL LEGAL AND
REGULATORY PROVISIONS

The board of supervisors shall appoint a chairperson and may appoint vice chairperson.
The chairperson and the vice chairperson of the board of supervisors are elected with approval
of more than half of all the supervisors. The chairperson of the board of supervisors shall
convene and preside over the meetings of the board of supervisors. In the event that the
chairperson of the board of supervisors is incapable of performing or not performing his/her
duties, the vice chairperson of the board of supervisors shall convene and preside over the
meetings of the board of supervisors. In the event that the vice chairperson of the board of
supervisors is incapable of performing or not performing his/her duties, a supervisor nominated
by more than half of the supervisors shall convene and preside over the meetings of the board
of supervisors.

Each term of office of a supervisor is three years and he/she may serve consecutive terms
if re-elected. A supervisor shall continue to perform his/her duties in accordance with the laws,
administrative regulations and articles of association until a duly re-elected supervisor takes
office, if re-election is not conducted in a timely manner upon the expiry of his/her term of
office, or if the resignation of supervisors results in the number of supervisors being less than
the quorum.

Supervisors may attend board meetings and make enquiries or proposals in respect of
Board resolutions. The board of supervisors may initiate investigations into any irregularities
identified in the operation of the company and, where necessary, may engage an accounting
firm to assist their work at the company’s expense.

The board of supervisors of a company shall hold at least one meeting every six months.
According to the PRC Company Law, a resolution of the board of supervisors shall be passed
by more than half of all the supervisors, while according to the Opinions on Supplementary
Amendment to Articles of Associations by Companies to be listed in Hong Kong (《關於到香
港上市公司對公司章程作補充修改的意見的函》), a resolution of the board of supervisors
shall be passed by more than two-thirds of all the supervisors.

Manager and Senior Management

Under the PRC Company Law, a company shall have a manager who shall be appointed
or removed by the board of directors. The manager shall report to the board of directors and
may exercise certain powers.

The manager shall comply with other provisions of the articles of association concerning
his/her powers. According to the PRC Company Law, senior management shall mean the
manager, deputy manager(s), person-in-charge of finance, board secretary of a company and
other personnel as stipulated in the articles of association.

– III-12 –

