APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
subsidiaries and interest in a joint venture, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary
difference and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax
assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments are only recognised to the
extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the
temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to
be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which
the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
enacted by the end of the reporting period.

The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from
the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount
of its assets and liabilities.

Current and deferred taxes are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised
in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred taxes are also recognised
in other comprehensive income as directly in equity, respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the
initial accounting for a business combination,
is included in the accounting for the business
combination.

the tax effect

Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment including buildings held for use in the production or supply of goods or services,
or for administrative purposes other than construction in progress as described below are stated in the consolidated
statement of financial position at cost
less subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated
impairment losses, if any.

Properties under construction for production purpose or equipment under installation are stated at cost less any
impairment
losses, and is not depreciated. Cost comprises the direct costs of construction or equipment and
capitalised borrowing costs on related borrowed funds during the period of construction of properties. Properties
under construction or equipment under installation are reclassified to the appropriate category of property, plant and
equipment when completed and ready for use. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets,
commences when the assets are in the location and condition necessary for them to be capable of operating in the
manner intended by management.

Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment less their
residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives, residual
values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in
estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits
are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of
an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying
amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

Buildings under development for future owner-occupied purpose

When buildings are in the course of development for production or for administrative purposes,

the
amortisation of prepaid lease payments provided during the construction period is included as part of costs of
buildings under construction. Buildings under construction are carried at cost, less any identified impairment losses.
Depreciation of buildings commences when they are available for use (i.e. when they are in the location and condition
necessary for them to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management).

– I-21 –

