SHARE CAPITAL

According to the regulations by the securities regulatory authorities of the State Council
and our Articles of Association, the Domestic Shares may be converted into H Shares, and such
converted Shares may be listed and traded on an overseas stock exchange provided that the
conversion, listing and trading of such converted Shares have been approved by the securities
regulatory authorities of the State Council. In addition, such conversion, trading and listing
shall complete any requisite internal approval process and in all respects comply with the
regulations prescribed by the securities regulatory authorities of the State Council and the
regulations, requirements and procedures prescribed by the relevant overseas stock exchange.

If any of the Domestic Shares are to be converted, listed and traded as H Shares on the
Stock Exchange, such conversion, listing and trading will need the approval of the relevant
PRC regulatory authorities, including the CSRC, and the approval of the Stock Exchange.
Based on the procedures for the conversion of Domestic Shares into H Shares as described
below, we may apply for the listing of all or any portion of the Domestic Shares on the Stock
Exchange as H Shares in advance of any proposed conversion to ensure that the conversion
process can be completed promptly upon notice to the Stock Exchange and delivery of Shares
for entry on the H Share register. As any listing of additional Shares after our listing on the
Stock Exchange is ordinarily considered by the Stock Exchange to be a purely administrative
matter, it does not require such prior application for listing at the time of our listing in Hong
Kong. Class shareholder voting is not required for the conversion of such Shares or the listing
and trading of such converted Shares on an overseas stock exchange. Any application for
listing of the converted shares on the Stock Exchange after our initial listing is subject to prior
notification by way of announcement
to inform our Shareholders and the public of any
proposed conversion.

Registration on our H Share register will be conditional on (a) our H Share Registrar
lodging with the Stock Exchange a letter confirming the proper entry of the relevant H Shares
on the H Share register and the due dispatch of H Share certificates and (b) the admission of
the H Shares to trade on the Stock Exchange complying with the Listing Rules, the General
Rules of CCASS and the CCASS Operational Procedures in force from time to time. Until the
converted shares are re-registered on our H Share register, such Shares would not be listed as
H Shares. The relevant procedural requirements for the conversion of Domestic Shares into H
Shares are as follows:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

The holder of Domestic Shares shall obtain the requisite approval of the CSRC or
the authorised securities regulatory authorities of
the
conversion of all or part of its Domestic Shares into H Shares.

the State Council

for

The holder of Domestic Shares shall issue to us a removal request in respect of a
specified number of Shares attaching the relevant documents of title.

Subject to our Company being satisfied with the authenticity of the documents and
with the approval of our Board, we would then issue a notice to our H Share
Registrar with instructions that, with effect from a specified date, our H Share
Registrar is to issue the relevant holders with H Share certificates for such specified
number of Shares.

– 290 –

