RISK FACTORS

There are legal defects regarding some of our properties.

As of the Latest Practicable Date, we have purchased 52 apartments intended for
employee dormitories with a total gross floor area of 6,008.85 sq.m. and acquired land use right
to one parcel of land with a total site area of 14,201.55 sq.m.. As of the Latest Practicable Date,
we were in the process of obtaining the relevant building ownership certificates and land use
right certificate. However, we cannot assure you that we will eventually obtain all of the
required title certificates. If we are not able to use the relevant properties or lands due to our
failure to obtain such title certificates, we may incur additional costs as a result of finding
alternative properties, and our business, financial condition and results of operations may also
be adversely affected.

As of the Latest Practicable Date, we leased from third parties 15 properties with an
aggregate gross floor area of approximately 8,173.10 sq.m. The lease agreements had not
completed lease registration with the relevant regulatory authorities. According to PRC law, the
nonregistration of lease agreements will not affect the validity of such lease agreements, but
the relevant local housing administrative authorities can require us to complete registrations
within a specified timeframe and we may be subject
to a fine between RMB1,000 and
RMB10,000 per lease for any delay in making these registrations. Further, we cannot assure
you that we would be able to renew our leases on acceptable terms upon their expiration. If we
are not able to renew them upon expiration, or if relevant leases are terminated as a result of
challenges therewith by third parties, we may be forced to relocate from affected properties and
incur additional costs, and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be
adversely affected. For details of our properties, see “Business – Land and Properties”.

RISKS RELATING TO DOING BUSINESS IN THE PRC

Changes in China’s economic, political and social conditions as well as governmental
policies could affect our financial condition and results of operations.

The majority of our business, assets and operations are located in China. China’s
economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including
the structure of economy, level of government involvement, level of development, growth rate,
control of capital investment, control of foreign currency and allocation of resources.

For the past four decades, the PRC government authorities have implemented economic
reform measures to emphasize the utilization of the market as a determining factor in resource
allocation. The PRC government authorities
from time to time implement various
macroeconomic and other policies and measures, including contractionary or expansionary
policies and measures at times of or in anticipation of changes in China’s economic conditions,
with an overall purpose of sustaining economic stability and utilizing new sources of economic
growth. Economic reform measures, however, may be adjusted, modified or applied
inconsistently from industry to industry or across different regions of the country, as economic
reform is a developing process. As a result, we may be adversely affected by the

– 83 –

