APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

(ii)

Interest rate risk

The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in related to fixed-rate borrowings (Note 26),
convertible loan notes (Note 27) and debt instrument classified as FVTOCI. The Group interest rate risk is
mainly concentrated in the fluctuation of interest rates on convertible loan notes.

The Group and the Company are exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate
pledged bank deposits (Note 24) and bank balances (Note 24). The Group and the Company cash flow interest
rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of interest rates on bank balances and pledged bank deposits.
The Group and the Company currently do not have interest rate risk hedging policy. However, the directors
of the Company closely monitor the exposure to future cash flow interest rate risk as a result of change on
market interest rate and will consider hedging changes in market interest rates should the need arise.

Sensitivity analysis

The sensitivity analyzes below have been determined based on the exposure to discount rate for
convertible loan notes at the end of the reporting period. A 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest rate
of convertible loan notes is used which represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change
in discount rate. The directors of the Company consider that the exposure of cash flow interest rate risk arising
from variable-rate pledged bank deposits and bank balances is insignificant, therefore no sensitivity analysis
on such risk has been prepared.

If the discount rate had been 50 basis points higher/lower as at June 30, 2018 and all other variables
were held constant, the Group’s loss for the six months ended June 30, 2018 would decrease by RMB1,715,000
or increase by RMB4,795,000.

(iii) Other price risk

The Group is exposed to price risk through its debt instrument classified as FVTOCI, unlisted equity
investment including in other financial assets and convertible loan notes as disclosed in Note 23 and Note 27
to the Historical Financial Information. The management of the Group monitors the price risk and will consider
hedging the risk exposure should the need arises.

Sensitivity analysis

The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to equity price risk at June
30, 2018 for its convertible loan notes. The directors of the Company consider that the exposure to market price
risk arising from debt instrument measured at FVTOCI and other financial assets is insignificant. Therefore
no sensitivity analysis on such risk has been prepared.

If the equity price of the Company had been changed based on the 5% higher/lower:

(cid:129)

the post-tax loss of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2018 would increase by
RMB7,051,000 or decrease by RMB3,543,000, as a result of the changes in fair value of the
Company’s equity price.

Credit risk

Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in
financial loss to the Group. Management uses publicly available financial information and the Group’s own
historical repayment records to rate other debtors.

The Group determines the ECL on these items based on the financial quality of debtors and historical
credit loss experience based on the past due status of the debtors, adjusted as appropriate to reflect current
conditions and estimates of future economic conditions.

The credit risk on liquid funds and its debt instrument classified as at FVTOCI of the Group is limited
because the counterparties are banks, asset management companies and securities companies and listed
company with high credit ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies.

– I-69 –

