APPENDIX V

STATUTORY AND GENERAL INFORMATION

As of the Latest Practicable Date, Mr. Xiong Jun (i) was an executive director and was directly
interested in 20% of the equity share capital of Shanghai Baoying, which directly held 4,372,144
Domestic Shares; Shanghai Baoying was also a party to the 2017 Concert Party Agreement; (ii)
was the chairman of the board of directors and was directly interested in 40% of the equity share
capital of Shenzhen Yuanben, which was the general partner of each of Suzhou Benyu and Suzhou
Ruiyuan, which in turn directly held 4,600,000 and 43,584,000 Domestic Shares, respectively,
and were each a party to the 2017 Concert Party Agreement. Shenzhen Yuanben also holds a
limited partner interest of approximately 86.28% of Suzhou Benyu. Mr. Xiong Jun is deemed to
be interested in an aggregate of such 52,556,144 Domestic Shares under the SFO.

As of the Latest Practicable Date, Mr. Tang Yi directly held 10,366,000 Domestic Shares. As of
the Latest Practicable Date, Mr. Tang Yi was a director of and directly interested in 60% of the
equity share capital of Shenzhen Yuanben, which was the general partner of each of Suzhou
Benyu and Suzhou Ruiyuan. Shenzhen Yuanben also holds a limited partner
interest of
approximately 86.28% of Suzhou Benyu. Therefore, Mr. Tang Yi is deemed to be interested in
Shares in which Suzhou Benyu and Suzhou Ruiyuan are interested (including Shares they are
deemed to be interested pursuant to the 2017 Concert Party Agreement) under the SFO. See also
“Substantial Shareholders” in this prospectus.

As of the Latest Practicable Date, Ms. Liu Xiaoling, who is the spouse of Mr. Zhang Zhuobing,
directly held 8,608,000 Domestic Shares. Also, Mr. Zhang Zhoubing was directly interested in
50% of the equity share capital of Yongzhuo Boji (Shanghai) Biosciences Technology Co., Ltd.*
(永卓博濟(上海)生物醫藥技術有限公司), which directly held 8,929,376 Domestic Shares.
Therefore, Mr. Zhang Zhuobing is deemed to be interested in an aggregate of 17,537,376
Domestic Shares under the SFO.

As of the Latest Practicable Date, Mr. Lin Lijun was a director and wholly interested in Shanghai
Shengge Asset Management Co., Ltd.* (上海盛歌投資管理有限公司), which was the general
partner of Shanghai Tanying. Therefore, Mr. Lin Lijun is deemed to be interested in the Shares
Shanghai Tanying is interested under the SFO. Mr. Lin Lijun is a director and controls each LVC
Fund’s general partner. Therefore, Mr. Lin Lijun is deemed to be interested in the H Shares in
which the LVC Funds are interested under the SFO. See also “Substantial Shareholders” and
“Cornerstone Investors” in this prospectus.

Representing Pre-IPO Options.

Based on 760,310,000 Shares immediately following the Global Offering, without taking into
account Shares which may be allotted and issued pursuant to the exercise of the Over-allotment
Option, the 2018 Convertible Bonds and the Pre-IPO Options.

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(b)

Interests of the substantial shareholders in the Shares

Save as disclosed in the section headed “Substantial Shareholders” in this
prospectus, immediately following the completion of the Global Offering (without taking
into account any Shares which may be issued pursuant
the
Over-allotment Option,
the 2018 Convertible Bonds and the Pre-IPO Options), our
Directors are not aware of any other person (not being a Director, Supervisor or chief
executive of our Company) who will have an interest or short position in the Shares or
the underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to us and the Stock Exchange
under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or who is, directly or
indirectly, interested in 10% or more of the nominal value of any class of share capital
carrying rights to vote in all circumstances at general meetings of our Company.

to the exercise of

– V-22 –

