DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Ms. Yuen is a chartered secretary and a fellow of both The Hong Kong Institute of
Chartered Secretaries
and
Administrators (“ICSA”) in the United Kingdom. Ms. Yuen is a holder of the Practitioner’s
Endorsement from HKICS. Ms. Yuen graduated from Lingnan College (now known as Lingnan
University).

Institute of Chartered Secretaries

(“HKICS”)

and The

COMPLIANCE ADVISOR

We have appointed Somerley Capital Limited as our compliance advisor pursuant to Rule
3A.19 of the Listing Rules. Pursuant to Rule 3A.23 of the Listing Rules, the compliance
advisor will advise us in the following circumstances:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

before the publication of any announcements, circulars or financial reports required
by regulatory authorities or applicable laws;

where a transaction, which might be a notifiable or connected transaction under
Chapters 14 and 14A of the Listing Rules is contemplated, including share issues
and share repurchases;

where we propose to use the proceeds of the Global Offering in a manner different
from that detailed in this prospectus or where our business activities, developments
or results deviate from any forecast, estimate or other information in this prospectus;
and

where the Stock Exchange makes an inquiry of us regarding unusual price
movement and trading volume or other issues under Rule 13.10 of the Listing Rules.

The term of the appointment shall commence on the Listing Date and end on the date on
which we distribute our annual report of our financial results for the first full financial year
commencing after the Listing Date.

BOARD COMMITTEES

We have established the following committees in our Board: an audit committee, a
remuneration committee, a nomination committee and a strategic committee. The committees
operate in accordance with terms of reference established by our Board.

Audit Committee

Our Company has established an audit committee (with effect from the Listing Date) with
written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules and paragraph C.3
and paragraph D.3 of the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing
Rules (the “Corporate Governance Code”). The audit committee consists of two independent
non-executive Directors being Mr. Chen Xinjun and Mr. Qian Zhi and one non-executive
Director being Mr. Li Cong. The chairman of the audit committee is Mr. Chen Xinjun. Mr.

– 275 –

