BUSINESS

3.

4.

High-yielding stable expression cell lines screening and establishment platform
based on the internationally leading GS Expression System from Lonza, which
enables us to complete the establishment of high expression cell
lines with
significantly faster speed and higher yielding than the traditional DHFR technology.

Antibody quality research, control and assurance platform covering the quality
assurance regarding suppliers, inputs, processes, outputs and customers, including
our PAT system comprised of GMP quality control management, cell culture,
separation and purification of biopharmaceutics and lyophilization and packaging of
biologics to ensure our compliance with GMP standards, so that our drugs could
meet
requirements of various drug
regulatory authorities in the world such as the NMPA, FDA and EMA.

the clinical use and marketing approval

We have established a globally integrated R&D process. We are among the first PRC
companies to set up labs in the U.S. Our San Francisco Lab carries out preliminary high
throughput antibody screening and further humanization, selection and optimization. Our
Maryland Lab utilizes a membrane receptor protein array and a eukaryotic cell-based
functional assay platform to carry out the screening of new targets and the evaluation and
selection of antibody candidates.

With the support of our Maryland Lab and San Francisco Lab, our Suzhou and Shanghai
production bases in China are responsible for the establishment of stable cell lines, processes
optimization, GMP-standard production, establishment and maintenance of global quality
systems, production of drugs to be used in clinical
trials and the future commercial
manufacturing. While our labs in the U.S. closely follow the latest technology trends in the
biotech innovative drugs R&D, our PRC labs carry out follow-up supporting work in the R&D
process in order to optimize our R&D with higher efficiency and lower costs.

In respect of production capability, we have two monoclonal antibody production bases
in China. Our Wujiang Production Base in Suzhou is currently in production as a pilot
production base and will also carry out commercial production. We are carrying out a
technology upgrade of the Wujiang Production Base. Upon the expected completion of such
upgrade by the end of 2018, its fermentation capacity is expected to reach 3,000L. Our Lingang
Production Base is currently under construction in accordance with cGMP standards, the first
two production lines of which will have an aggregate fermentation capacity of 12,000L and are
expected to commence production by the end of 2019.

Rapidly expanding and robust pipeline of drug candidates

We have developed a total of 13 biologic drug candidates since our incorporation in
December 2012, including seven immuno-oncology drug candidates, two drug candidates for
metabolic diseases, three targeting inflammation or autoimmune diseases and one treating
neurologic diseases. As of the Latest Practicable Date, five of them had entered into the clinical

– 180 –

