RISK FACTORS

We incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company in the United States,
and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance requirements,
including establishing and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting. We may be
exposed to potential risks if we are unable to comply with these requirements.

As a public company in the United States, we are subject to the periodic reporting requirements
of the U.S. Exchange Act and incur significant
legal, accounting and other expenses under the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or Sarbanes-Oxley Act, together with rules implemented by the SEC and
applicable market regulators. These rules impose various requirements on public companies, including
requiring certain corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel devote a
substantial amount of time to these requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations increase our
legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly.

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things,

that we maintain effective internal
controls for financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. In particular, we must perform
system and process evaluations and testing of our internal controls over financial reporting to allow
management to report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, as required
by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We have limited experience complying with Section 404,
and such compliance may require that we incur substantial accounting expenses and expend significant
management efforts. Our testing may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial
reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses. In the event we identify significant deficiencies
or material weaknesses in our internal controls that we cannot remediate in a timely manner, the
market price of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs could decline if investors and others lose confidence
in the reliability of our financial statements, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the
SEC or other applicable regulatory authorities and our business could be harmed.

If we engage in acquisitions or strategic partnerships, this may increase our capital
requirements, dilute our shareholders, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities,
and subject us to other risks.

From time to time, we may evaluate various acquisitions and strategic partnerships, including
licensing or acquiring complementary products,
technologies or
businesses. Any completed, in-process or potential acquisition or strategic partnership may entail
numerous risks, including:

intellectual property rights,

•

•

•

•

•

increased operating expenses and cash requirements;

the assumption of additional indebtedness or contingent or unforeseen liabilities;

the issuance of our equity securities;

assimilation of operations,
including difficulties associated with integrating new personnel;

intellectual property and products of an acquired company,

the diversion of our management’s attention from our existing product programs and
initiatives in pursuing such a strategic merger or acquisition;

— 83 —

