RISK FACTORS

We also experience competition for

from
universities and research institutions. Our consultants and advisors may be employed by employers
other than us and may have commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with other entities
that may limit their availability to us. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain high quality
personnel, our ability to pursue our growth strategy will be limited.

the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel

We have significantly increased the size and capabilities of our organization, and we may
experience difficulties in managing our growth.

At the beginning of 2017, we had over 320 employees, and we ended the year with approximately
900 employees. As of July 20, 2018, our total employee number reached over 1,300. Most of our
employees are full-time. As our development and commercialization plans and strategies evolve, we
must add a significant number of additional managerial, operational, manufacturing, sales, marketing,
financial and other personnel. Our recent growth and any future growth will impose significant added
responsibilities on members of management, including:

•

•

•

identifying, recruiting, integrating, maintaining and motivating additional employees;

managing our internal development efforts effectively, including the clinical and regulatory
authority review process for our drug candidates, while complying with our contractual
obligations to contractors and other third parties; and

improving our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and
procedures.

Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our drugs and drug candidates
will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage our recent growth and any future growth, and
our management may also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from
day-to-day activities in order to devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth
activities.

We currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, in substantial part on
certain independent organizations, advisors and consultants to provide certain services. There can be
no assurance that
the services of these independent organizations, advisors and consultants will
continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or that we can find qualified
replacements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our existing consultants or
find other competent outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, if at all.

If we are not able to effectively manage our growth and further expand our organization by hiring
new employees and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors as needed, we may not be
able to successfully implement the tasks necessary to further develop and commercialize our drugs and
drug candidates and, accordingly, may not achieve our research, development and commercialization
goals.

— 82 —

