SUMMARY

REVLIMID威 and VIDAZA威 in China, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, which has allowed
us to generate product revenue in China since September 2017. Our commercial products are subject
to government pricing regulations. See the section titled “Business—Sales and Marketing” for details.

Research and Development

for

the treatment of cancer. We have made significant

We are a leader in the research and development of innovative molecularly targeted and
immuno-oncology drugs
investments
identifying, developing and commercializing drug candidates with significant market potential. Our
current research and development activities mainly relate to the clinical advancement of our six
internally-developed drug candidates: (1) zanubrutinib, an investigational small molecule inhibitor of
BTK;
(3)
pamiparib, an investigational small molecule inhibitor of PARP1 and PARP2; (4) lifirafenib, a novel
small molecule inhibitor of both the monomer and dimer
(5) BGB-A333, an
investigational humanized monoclonal antibody against PD-L1; and (6) BGB-A425, an investigational
humanized monoclonal antibody against TIM-3. We had over 500 clinical development staff and
approximately 200 research staff as of July 20, 2018.

tislelizumab, an investigational humanized monoclonal antibody against PD-1;

forms of RAF;

(2)

Customers

During the Track Record Period, we derived revenues only from our product distributor in China
in connection with our product sales, from Celgene in connection with our strategic collaboration for
tislelizumab entered into in 2017 and from Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany in connection with our
collaboration for pamiparib and lifirafenib. See “Business—Collaboration Agreements” for further
details of our collaborations with Celgene and Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany.

Production

We have an approximately 11,000 square meter manufacturing facility in Suzhou, China, where
we produce small molecule and biologics drug candidates for clinical supply and which we plan to use
for commercial supply of our small molecule drug candidates, if approved. In January 2018, the
facility received a manufacturing license from Jiangsu Food and Drug Administration, which is
required for the commercial manufacture of zanubrutinib in China following NDA approval. In
addition, we have formed a joint venture with Guangzhou GET Technology Development Co., Ltd.,
an affiliate of Guangzhou Development District, to build a 24,000-liter commercial-scale biologics
manufacturing facility in Guangzhou, China. Over US$300 million in funding has been committed for
construction of the 100,000 square meter manufacturing site. We expect the first phase of the facility
to be completed in 2019. We also have an approximately 140 square meter manufacturing facility at
our research and development facilities in Beijing, China, which produces preclinical and clinical trial
materials for some of our small molecule drug candidates.

— 7 —

