APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF THE CONSTITUTION OF THE
COMPANY AND CAYMAN COMPANIES LAW

We are an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 28 October 2010 with
limited liability and our affairs are governed by our Articles of Association, and the Companies Law
(as amended) of the Cayman Islands, which we refer to as the Companies Law, and the common law
of the Cayman Islands.

Set out below is a summary of certain provisions of the current Articles of Association of our
Company and of certain aspects of the Cayman Companies Law. As the information contained below
is in summary form, it does not contain all information that may be material to potential investors. A
copy of the current memorandum and articles of association of our Company and the Companies Law
is available for inspection as referred to in the section headed “Documents available for inspection”
in Appendix V.

MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

As of the Latest Practicable Date, our authorised share capital was $1,000,000,000 divided into
(1) 9,500,000,000 ordinary shares, with a par value of $0.0001 per share and (2) 500,000,000
undesignated shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share. See also the section headed “Share Capital”
in this prospectus.

Our current Articles of Association are the fourth amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association adopted by a special resolution passed on January 14, 2016 and became
effective on February, 8 2016 immediately prior to the initial public offering of our ordinary shares
and American depositary shares on Nasdaq.

Directors’ Power to Issue Shares

Under our Articles, our Board is empowered to issue or allot shares or grant options, restricted
shares, restricted share units, share appreciation rights, dividend equivalent rights, warrants and
analogous equity-based rights with or without preferred, deferred, qualified or other special rights or
restrictions. In particular, pursuant to our Articles, our Board has the authority, without further action
by the shareholders,
to issue all or any part of our capital and to fix the designations, powers,
preferences, privileges, and relative participating, optional or special rights and the qualifications,
limitations or restrictions therefrom, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms
of redemption and liquidation preferences, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of our
ordinary shares.

Dividends

The holders of our ordinary shares are entitled to such dividends as may be declared by our board
of directors. In addition, our shareholders may by ordinary resolution declare a dividend, but no
dividend may exceed the amount recommended by our directors. Under the Companies Law, a Cayman
Islands company may pay a dividend out of either profit or share premium account, provided that in
no circumstances may a dividend be paid if this would result in the company being unable to pay its
debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business.

— III-1 —

