FINANCIAL INFORMATION

reliably measurable. The measurement date of the fair value of the equity instrument issued is the date
on which the counterparty’s performance is completed as there is no associated performance
commitment. The expense is recognized in the same manner as if we had paid cash for the services
provided by the non-employees
to
non-employees. We estimate the fair value of share options granted to non-employees using the same
method as employees.

in accordance with ASC 505-50, Equity-based payments

Modification of Awards

A change in any of the terms or conditions of the awards is accounted for as a modification of
the award. Incremental compensation cost is measured as the excess, if any, of the fair value of the
modified award over the fair value of the original award immediately before its terms are modified,
measured based on the fair value of the awards and other pertinent factors at the modification date.
For vested awards, we recognize incremental compensation cost in the period the modification occurs.
For unvested awards, we recognize over the remaining requisite service period,
the sum of the
incremental compensation cost and the remaining unrecognized compensation cost for the original
award on the modification date. If the fair value of the modified award is lower than the fair value
of the original award immediately before modification, the minimum compensation cost we recognize
is the cost of the original award.

Significant Factors, Assumptions and Methodologies Used in Determining Fair Value

The fair value of each share option grant is estimated using the binomial option-pricing model.
The model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions including the estimated expected share
price volatility and, the share price upon which (i.e. the exercise multiple) the employees are likely
to exercise share options. The trading history and observation period of our own share price movement
has not been long enough to match the life of the share option. Therefore, we estimate our expected
share price volatility based on the historical volatility of a group of similar companies, which are
publicly-traded. We selected companies with characteristics similar to us,
including the invested
capital’s value, business model, development stage, risk profiles, position within the industry, and
with historical share price information sufficient
life of our share-based
awards. We will continue to apply this process until a sufficient amount of historical information
regarding the volatility of our own share price becomes available. For the exercise multiple, we were
not able to develop an exercise pattern as reference,
thus the exercise multiple is based on
management’s estimation, which we believe is representative of the future exercise pattern of the
options. The risk-free interest rates for the periods within the contractual life of the option are based
on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect during the period the options were granted. Expected
dividend yield is based on the fact that we have never paid, and do not expect to pay cash dividends
in the foreseeable future.

the contractual

to meet

— 300 —

