SUMMARY

This summary aims to give you an overview of the information contained in this prospectus.
As this is a summary, it does not contain all the information that may be important to you. You
should read the entire document before you decide to invest in the Offer Shares. In particular, we
are a biotechnology company seeking to list on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange under
Chapter 18A of the Listing Rules on the basis that we are unable to meet the requirements under
Rule 8.05 (1), (2) or (3) of the Listing Rules. There are unique challenges, risks and uncertainties
associated with investing in companies such as ours. In addition, we have incurred significant
operating losses since our inception, and we expect to remain loss making in the near term. We had
negative net cash flow from operating activities for certain periods during the Track Record Period.
We did not declare or pay any dividends during the Track Record Period and do not intend to pay
any dividends in the near future. Your investment decision should be made in light of
these
considerations.

There are risks associated with any investment. Some of the particular risks in investing in the
Offer Shares are set out in the section headed “Risk Factors” in this prospectus. You should read
that section carefully before you decide to invest in the Offer Shares.

OVERVIEW

We are a commercial-stage biotechnology company focused on developing and commercializing
the treatment of cancer. Our
innovative molecularly-targeted and immuno-oncology drugs for
internally-developed lead drug candidates are currently in late-stage clinical
trials, and we are
marketing three in-licensed drugs in China from which we have been generating product revenue since
September 2017. Our mission is to become a global
leader in the discovery, development and
commercialization of innovative therapies.

global

We started as a research and development company in Beijing in 2010 focusing on developing
the last eight years, we have developed into a
best-in-class oncology therapeutics. Over
six
fully-integrated
clinical drug
internally-developed,
candidates. We have also in-licensed five drugs and drug candidates, including three marketed drugs
in China and two clinical-stage drug candidates for which we have obtained development and
commercialization rights in China and other selected countries in the Asia-Pacific region.

clinical-stage drug candidates,

company with

including three

late-stage

biotechnology

a

broad

portfolio

consisting

of

Our Core Product Candidates include the following:

•

Zanubrutinib (BGB-3111) — a potentially best-in-class investigational small molecule
inhibitor of Bruton’s tyrosine kinase, or BTK, that is currently being evaluated in a broad
pivotal clinical program in China and in other markets, including the United States and the
European Union, which we refer to as globally, for which we expect to file for approval in
China in 2018 initially for the treatment of mantle cell lymphoma, or MCL, and submit in
to the U.S. Food and Drug
the first half of 2019 a New Drug Application, or NDA,
Administration, or FDA,
the treatment of
Waldenstrom’s macroglobulinemia, or WM;

to pursue an accelerated approval

for

— 1 —

