REGULATIONS

product may be separate from the process for setting the reimbursement rate that the payor will pay
for the product. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list which
might not include all of the FDA-approved products for a particular indication. Moreover, a payor’s
decision to provide coverage for a product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will
be approved. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price
levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development.

Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price and examining the medical necessity
and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services, in addition to their safety and efficacy. In
order to obtain coverage and reimbursement for any product that might be approved for sale, we may
need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity
and cost-effectiveness of any products, in addition to the costs required to obtain regulatory approvals.
If third-party payors do not consider a product to be cost-effective or medically-necessary compared
to other available therapies, they may not cover the product after approval as a benefit under their
plans or, if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow a company to sell its products
at a profit.

the growth of government-paid health care costs,

The U.S. government and state legislatures have shown significant interest in implementing cost
containment programs to limit
including price
controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products for
branded prescription drugs. For example, ACA contains provisions that may reduce the profitability
of drug products,
increased rebates for drugs reimbursed by Medicaid
programs, extension of Medicaid rebates to Medicaid managed care plans, mandatory discounts for
certain Medicare Part D beneficiaries and annual fees based on pharmaceutical companies’ share of
sales to federal health care programs. Adoption of government controls and measures, and tightening
of restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could limit payments for
pharmaceuticals.

including, for example,

Other U.S. Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements

If we obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates, we may be subject to various federal
and state laws targeting fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry. These laws may impact, among
other things, our proposed sales, marketing and education programs. In addition, we may be subject
to patient privacy regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our
business prior to and after receiving regulatory approval of our product candidates. The laws that may
affect our ability to operate include:

•

the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, knowingly and
willfully soliciting,
receiving, offering or paying any remuneration (including any
kickback, bribe, or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to
induce, or in return for, either the referral of an individual, or the purchase, lease, order or
recommendation of any good, facility, item or service for which payment may be made, in
whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid
programs;

— 175 —

