APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

The Company allocates the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired,
liabilities assumed and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. The excess of
the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities
is recorded as goodwill. Such valuations require management
to make significant estimates and
assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. Significant estimates in valuing certain
intangible assets may include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows from acquired assets,
timing and probability of success of clinical events and regulatory approvals, and assumptions on
useful lives and discount rates. Management’s estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions
believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual
results may differ from estimates. Additional information, such as that related to income tax and other
contingencies, existing as of the acquisition date but unknown to the Group may become known during
the remainder of the measurement period, not to exceed one year from the acquisition date, which may
result in changes to the amounts and allocations recorded.

Goodwill and other intangible assets

Goodwill is an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired
in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. The Group
allocates the cost of an acquired entity to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their
estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. The excess of the purchase price for acquisitions over
the fair value of the net assets acquired, including other intangible assets, is recorded as goodwill.
Goodwill is not amortized, but is tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events
or changes in circumstances would indicate a potential impairment.

The Group have elected to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely
than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill.
The qualitative assessment includes the evaluation of relevant events and circumstances affecting the
single reporting unit, including macroeconomic, industry, and market conditions, the overall financial
performance, and trends in the market price of the common stock. If qualitative factors indicate that
it is more likely than not that the reporting unit’s fair value is less than its carrying amount, then the
Group will perform the quantitative impairment
test by comparing the reporting unit’s carrying
amount, including goodwill, to its fair value. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its
fair value, an impairment loss will be recognized in an amount equal to that excess. For the year ended
December 31, 2017 and the three months ended March 31, 2018, the Group determined that there were
no material impairment of the goodwill.

Intangible assets acquired through business acquisitions are recognized as assets separate from
goodwill and are measured at fair value upon acquisition. Acquired identifiable intangible assets
consist of the distribution rights with respect to approved cancer therapies licensed from Celgene,
ABRAXANE威, REVLIMID威, and VIDAZA威, and its investigational agent CC-122 and are amortized
on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which are 10 years.

The Group’s intangible assets represent product distribution rights acquired from Celgene. Such
intangible assets are amortised over a period of 10 years, which is estimated based on the contractual

— I-20 —

