RISK FACTORS

the cost of treatment in relation to alternative treatments;

the availability of adequate coverage, reimbursement and pricing by third-party payors and
government authorities;

the willingness of patients
reimbursement by third-party payors and government authorities; and

to pay out-of-pocket

in the absence of coverage and

the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts.

•

•

•

•

If any drugs that we commercialize fail to achieve market acceptance among physicians, patients,
hospitals, cancer treatment centers or others in the medical community, we will not be able to generate
significant revenue. Even if our drugs achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to maintain that
market acceptance over time if new products or technologies are introduced that are more favorably
received than our drugs, are more cost effective or render our drugs obsolete.

We have limited experience in marketing third-party drugs and no experience in launching an
internally-developed drug candidate. If we are unable to further develop marketing and sales
capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our drug candidates
and third-party drugs, we may not be able to generate product sales revenue.

In connection with our strategic collaboration with Celgene, we were granted an exclusive
license in China, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, to commercialize Celgene’s approved
cancer therapies, ABRAXANE威, REVLIMID威 and VIDAZA威, and Celgene’s investigational agent
avadomide (CC-122) in clinical development, and acquired Celgene’s commercial operations in China,
excluding certain functions. We started marketing Celgene’s approved drugs in September 2017. We
continue to build our salesforce in China to market these drugs and our drug candidates, in the event
they receive commercial approval, and any additional drugs or drug candidates that we may in-license,
which will require significant capital expenditures, management resources and time.

We have not yet demonstrated an ability to launch and commercialize any of our drug candidates.
For example, we do not have experience in building a commercial team, conducting a comprehensive
market analysis, obtaining state licenses and reimbursement, or managing distributors and a sales
force for our
internally-developed drug candidates. As a result, our ability to successfully
commercialize our drug candidates may involve more inherent risk, take longer and cost more than it
would if we were a company with experience launching drug candidates.

We will have to compete with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to recruit, hire,
train and retain marketing and sales personnel. If we are unable to, or decide not to, further develop
internal sales, marketing and commercial distribution capabilities for any or all of our drugs, we will
likely pursue collaborative arrangements regarding the sales and marketing of our drugs. However,
there can be no assurance that we will be able to establish or maintain such collaborative
arrangements, or if we are able to do so, that they will have effective sales forces. Any revenue we
receive will depend upon the efforts of such third parties. We would have little or no control over the
marketing and sales efforts of such third parties, and our revenue from product sales may be lower than
if we had commercialized our drugs ourselves. We also face competition in our search for third parties
to assist us with the sales and marketing efforts for our drugs.

— 56 —

