INFORMATION ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS AND THE GLOBAL OFFERING

Each ADS represents ownership interests in 13 Shares, and any and all securities, cash or other
property deposited with the Depositary in respect of such Shares but not distributed to ADS holders.

to which the Depositary may register

ADSs may be held either (1) directly (a) by having an ADR registered in the holder’s name or
(b) by holding in the DRS, pursuant
the ownership of
uncertificated ADSs, which ownership shall be evidenced by periodic statements issued by the
Depositary to the ADS holders entitled thereto, or (2) indirectly through the holder’s broker or other
financial institution. The following discussion regarding ADSs assumes the holder holds its ADSs
directly. If a holder holds the ADSs indirectly, it must rely on the procedures of its broker or other
financial institution to assert the rights of ADS holders described in this section. If applicable, you
should consult with your broker or financial institution to find out what those procedures are.

We do not treat ADS holders as Shareholders, and ADS holders have no Shareholder rights.
Cayman Islands law governs Shareholder rights. Because the Depositary actually holds the legal title
to our Shares represented by ADSs (through the Depositary’s Custodian (as defined below)), ADS
holders must rely on it to exercise the rights of a Shareholder. The obligations of the Depositary are
set out in the deposit agreement, as amended among us, Citibank, N.A. and our ADS holders and
beneficial owners from time to time (the “Deposit Agreement”). The Deposit Agreement and the ADRs
evidencing ADSs are governed by the law of the State of New York.

Transfer of Shares to Hong Kong Register

All of our Shares are currently registered on the principal register of members in the Cayman
Islands. As at the Latest Practicable Date, there was an aggregate of 701,563,184 issued Shares on the
registers of members in the Cayman Islands, 485,160,377 of which were on deposit in the ADS
program in respect of 37,320,029 freely transferable ADSs. For the purposes of trading on the Stock
Exchange, the Shares must be registered in the Hong Kong Share Register. In order to facilitate the
investors with a more timely and cost-effective conversion process from ADSs to Hong Kong listed
Shares, the Shares represented by the ADSs that are unrestricted ADSs will be removed from the
principal share register in the Cayman Islands and entered into the Hong Kong Share Register on or
around 8 August 2018.

ADSs are quoted for trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. An investor who holds
Shares and wishes to trade ADSs on the NASDAQ Global Select Market must deposit or have his
broker deposit with Citibank, N.A. Hong Kong, as custodian of the Depositary (the “Depositary’s
Custodian”), Shares, or evidence of rights to receive Shares, so as to receive the corresponding ADSs
as described below.

Withdrawal from and Deposit into the ADS Program

A deposit of the Shares into the ADS program involves the following procedures:

1.

If the Shares are held outside CCASS, the investor shall arrange to deposit his Shares into
CCASS for delivery to the Depositary’s account with the Depositary’s Custodian within
CCASS, submit and deliver a request for conversion form to the Depositary’s Custodian and
after duly completing and signing such conversion form, deliver such conversion form to

— 136 —

