APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF THE CONSTITUTION OF THE
COMPANY AND CAYMAN COMPANIES LAW

purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the arrangement must be sanctioned by the
Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder has the right to express to the
court the view that the transaction ought not to be approved, the court can be expected to approve the
arrangement if it determines that:

•

•

•

•

the statutory provisions as to the required majority vote have been met;

the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question and the statutory
majority are acting bona fide without coercion of the minority to promote interests adverse
to those of the class;

the arrangement is such that may be reasonably approved by an intelligent and honest man
of that class acting in respect of his interest; and

the arrangement
provision of the Companies Law.

is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other

When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90% of the shares affected within four
months the offeror may, within a two-month period commencing on the expiration of such four month
period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer.
An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands but this is unlikely to succeed
in the case of an offer which has been so approved unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith or
collusion.

If an arrangement and reconstruction is thus approved, or if a takeover offer is made and

accepted, a dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights.

Indemnification

The Companies Law does not limit the extent to which a company’s articles of association may
provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be
held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy (e.g. for purporting to provide
indemnification against the consequences of committing a crime).

Liquidation

A company may be placed in liquidation compulsorily by an order of the court, or voluntarily (a)
by a special resolution of its members if the company is solvent, or (b) by an ordinary resolution of
its members if the company is insolvent. The liquidator’s duties are to collect
the assets of the
company (including the amount (if any) due from the contributories (shareholders)), settle the list of
creditors and discharge the company’s liability to them, rateably if insufficient assets exist
to
discharge the liabilities in full, and to settle the list of contributories and divide the surplus assets (if
any) amongst them in accordance with the rights attaching to the shares.

— III-13 —

