BUSINESS

applications would be expected to expire in 2031 and 2036, not including any patent term adjustments.
If a U.S. application is filed based on the pending PCT application, a patent
issuing from this
application, if any, would be expected to expire in 2037. We intend to pursue marketing exclusivity
periods that are available under regulatory provisions in certain countries.

The patent portfolios for our three in-licensed commercial products in China are summarized

below:

ABRAXANE威. We are the exclusive licensor of five issued Chinese patents and four pending
Chinese patent applications directed to ABRAXANE威, a nanoparticle albumin—bound paclitaxel,
covering its composition,
liquid formulation, and use for the treatment of cancer. The expected
expirations for the issued Chinese patents are 2018, 2021, 2026 and 2031, respectively, excluding any
additional term for patent term extensions. Any patent that may issue from the currently pending
Chinese patent applications would be expected to expire in 2023, 2026 or 2034. In February 2018, a
generic version of albumin-bound palclitaxel was approved in China and another is currently under
regulatory review.

REVLIMID威. We are the exclusive licensor of seven issued Chinese patents directed to
REVLIMID威, covering its use for the treatment of cancer, including MM. The expected expirations for
the issued Chinese patents are 2023 and 2027 respectively, excluding any additional term for patent
term extensions. The first lenalidomide generic in China was approved in November 2017.

VIDAZA威. We do not have any rights in any issued China patent or pending China patent
applications directed to VIDAZA威, a chemical analog of cytidine, and its use for the treatment of
cancer. We are aware of third parties who are seeking to develop and obtain approval for generic forms
of this drug.

Furthermore, although various extensions may be available, the life of a patent and the protection
is limited. As noted above, ABRAXANE䉸, REVLIMID䉸, and VIDAZA䉸 face or are
it affords,
expected to face competition from generic medications, and we may face similar competition for any
approved drug candidates even if we successfully obtain patent protection once the patent life has
expired for
the drug. Manufacturers of generic drugs may challenge the scope, validity or
enforceability of our patents in court, and we may not be successful in enforcing or defending those
intellectual property rights and, as a result, may not be able to develop or market the relevant product
exclusively, which would have a material adverse effect on any potential sales of that product. Under
our license agreement with Celgene, Celgene retains the responsibility for, but is not obligated, to
prosecute, defend and enforce the patents for these in-licensed products. As such, any issued patents
may not protect us from generic competition for these drugs.

The term of individual patents may vary based on the countries in which they are obtained. In
most countries in which we file, including the United States and China, the term of an issued patent
is generally 20 years from the earliest claimed filing date of a non-provisional patent application in
the applicable country. In the United States, a patent’s term may be lengthened in some cases by a
patent term adjustment, which extends the term of a patent to account for administrative delays by the
USPTO in excess of a patent applicant’s own delays during the prosecution process, or may be
shortened if a patent
is terminally disclaimed over a commonly owned patent having an earlier

— 245 —

