RISK FACTORS

In recent years, there have been and will likely continue to be efforts to enact administrative or
legislative changes to healthcare laws and policies, including modification, repeal, or replacement of
all, or certain provisions of, the Affordable Care Act, or ACA. The implications of the ACA, its
possible repeal, any legislation that may be proposed to replace the ACA, modifications to the
implementation of the ACA, and the political uncertainty surrounding any repeal or replacement
legislation for our business and financial condition, if any, are not yet clear.

Risks Related to Commercialization of Our Drugs and Drug Candidates

If we are not able to obtain, or experience delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals,
we will not be able to commercialize our drug candidates, and our ability to generate revenue
will be materially impaired.

Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any drug candidate for a target
indication, we must demonstrate in preclinical studies and well-controlled clinical trials, and, with
respect to approval in the United States, to the satisfaction of the FDA, that the drug candidate is safe
and effective, or the biologic drug candidate is safe, pure and potent, for use for that target indication
and that the manufacturing facilities, processes and controls are adequate. In addition to preclinical
and clinical data, the NDA or BLA must include significant information regarding the chemistry,
manufacturing and controls for the drug candidate. Obtaining approval of an NDA or BLA is a lengthy,
expensive and uncertain process, and approval may not be obtained. If we submit an NDA or BLA to
the FDA, the FDA decides whether to accept or reject the submission for filing. We cannot be certain
that any submissions will be accepted for filing and review by the FDA.

We have not yet demonstrated an ability to file for or receive regulatory approval for our drug
candidates. For example, we do not have experience in preparing the required materials for regulatory
submission or navigating the regulatory approval process. As a result, our ability to successfully
submit an NDA or BLA and obtain regulatory approval for our drug candidates may involve more
inherent risk, take longer, and cost more than it would if we were a company with experience in
obtaining regulatory approvals.

Regulatory authorities outside of the United States, such as the CDA and EMA, also have
requirements for approval of drugs for commercial sale with which we must comply prior to marketing
in those areas. Regulatory requirements can vary widely from country to country and could delay or
prevent the introduction of our drug candidates. Clinical trials conducted in one country may not be
accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries, and obtaining regulatory approval in one country
does not mean that regulatory approval will be obtained in any other country. Approval processes vary
testing and validation and additional
among countries and can involve additional product
administrative review periods. Seeking non-U.S.
regulatory approval could require additional
nonclinical studies or clinical
trials, which could be costly and time consuming. The non-U.S.
regulatory approval process may include all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. For
all of these reasons, we may not obtain non-U.S. regulatory approvals on a timely basis, if at all.

— 54 —

