UNDERWRITING

to the International Placing. It is expected that the International Underwriting Agreement may be
terminated on similar grounds as the Hong Kong Underwriting Agreement. Potential investors should
note that in the event that the International Underwriting Agreement is not entered into, the Global
Offering will not proceed. See “Structure of the Global Offering — The International Placing.”

Over-allotment Option

The Company is expected to grant to the International Underwriters the Over-allotment Option,
exercisable by the Joint Global Coordinators on behalf of the International Underwriters at any time
from the Listing Date until 30 days after the last day for lodging applications under the Hong Kong
Public Offering, pursuant to which the Company may be required to issue up to an aggregate of
9,840,000 Shares, representing not more than 15% of the number of Offer Shares initially available
under the Global Offering, at the Offer Price, to cover over-allocations in the International Placing,
if any. See “Structure of the Global Offering — Over-allotment Option.”

Commissions and Expenses

The Underwriters will receive an underwriting commission of 2.5% of the aggregate Offer Price
of all the Offer Shares (including any Offer Shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of the
Over-allotment Option), out of which they will pay any sub-underwriting commissions and other fees.

The Underwriters may receive a discretionary incentive fee of up to 1% of the aggregate Offer
Price of all the Offer Shares (including any Offer Shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of the
Over-allotment Option).

For any unsubscribed Hong Kong Offer Shares reallocated to the International Placing, the
underwriting commission will not be paid to the Hong Kong Underwriters but will instead be paid, at
the rate applicable to the International Placing, to the relevant International Underwriters.

The aggregate underwriting commissions and fees together with the Stock Exchange listing fees,
the SFC transaction levy and the Stock Exchange trading fee, legal and other professional fees and
printing and all other expenses relating to the Global Offering are estimated to be approximately
HK$280.3 million (assuming an Offer Price of HK$103.00 per Offer Share (which is the mid-point of
the Offer Price range), the full payment of the discretionary incentive fee and the exercise of the
Over-allotment Option in full) and will be paid by our Company.

Indemnity

The Company has agreed to indemnify the Hong Kong Underwriters for certain losses which they
may suffer or incur, including losses arising from their performance of their obligations under the
Hong Kong Underwriting Agreement and any breach by any of the Company and the Covenantors of
the Hong Kong Underwriting Agreement.

— 349 —

