APPENDIX IV

STATUTORY AND GENERAL INFORMATION

Our compensation committee may grant dividend equivalent rights to participants that entitle the
recipient to receive credits for dividends that would be paid if the recipient held a specified number
of ordinary shares.

Our compensation committee may grant cash bonuses under the 2016 Share Option and Incentive

Plan to participants, subject to the achievement of certain performance goals.

The 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan provides that, upon the effectiveness, of a “sale
event,” as defined in the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan, the successor entity may assume,
continue or substitute for outstanding awards, as appropriately adjusted. To the extent that awards are
not assumed or continued or substituted by the successor entity, all awards granted under the 2016
Share Option and Incentive Plan shall terminate. In addition, in connection with the termination of the
2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan upon a sale event, we may make or provide for a cash payment
to participants holding options and share appreciation rights, equal to the difference between the per
share cash consideration payable to shareholders in the sale event and the exercise price of the options
or share appreciation rights and we may make or provide for a similar payment to participants under
other awards.

Our Board may amend or discontinue the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan and our
compensation committee may amend or cancel outstanding awards for purposes of satisfying changes
in law or any other lawful purpose, including option repricing, but no such action may adversely affect
rights under an award without the holder’s consent. Certain amendments to the 2016 Share Option and
Incentive Plan may require the approval of our shareholders. To the extent required under the rules of
any securities exchange or market system on which the Shares are listed, amendments to the terms of
options granted under the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan shall be subject to approval by our
shareholders entitled to vote at a meeting of shareholders.

In the event that the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan is terminated while any share option
granted under such plan remains outstanding and unexercised, the provisions of the 2016 Share Option
and Incentive Plan shall remain in full force to the extent necessary to give effect to the exercise of
any such share option.

Outstanding options granted

The proposal to grant the options under the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan to the grantees
as set out below has been approved by the Board on January 14, 2016. The number of underlying
Shares pursuant to the outstanding options granted under the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan
upon its initial adoption was 89,606,938 Shares, representing approximately 11.68% of the issued
Shares immediately following the completion of the Global Offering (assuming the Over-allotment
Option is not exercised and no Shares are issued pursuant to our Equity Plans). As at the Latest
Practicable Date, we had conditionally granted options to 724 participants under the 2016 Share
Option and Incentive Plan. All the options under the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan were
granted between February 8, 2016 and June 26, 2018 (both days inclusive). The exercise price of all
the options granted under the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan is between US$0.5 and US$16.15.

— IV-18 —

