APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF THE CONSTITUTION OF THE
COMPANY AND CAYMAN COMPANIES LAW

General Meetings of Shareholders

Shareholders’ meetings may be convened by a majority of our Board or our Chairman. As a
Cayman Islands exempted company, we are not obligated by the Companies Law to call shareholders’
annual general meetings; however, our corporate governance guidelines will provide that in each year
we will hold an annual general meeting of shareholders. The annual general meeting shall be held at
such time and place as may be determined by our Board.

The Companies Law provides shareholders with only limited rights to requisition a general
meeting, and does not provide shareholders with any right to put any proposal before a general
meeting. However, these rights may be provided in a company’s articles of association. Our Articles
provide that upon the requisition of shareholders representing not less than a simple majority of the
voting rights of the issued shares entitled to vote at general meetings, our board will convene an
extraordinary general meeting and put the resolutions so requisitioned to a vote at such meeting.
However, shareholders may propose only ordinary resolutions to be put to a vote at such meeting and
shall have no right to propose resolutions with respect to the election appointment or removal of
directors or with respect to the size of the board. Our Articles will provide no other right to put any
proposals before annual general meetings or extraordinary general meetings.

Advance notice of at least 7 days of calendar is required for the convening of our annual general
meeting and any other general meeting of our shareholders. All general meetings of shareholders shall
occur at such time and place as determined by our directors and set forth in the notice for such
meeting.

A quorum for a general meeting of shareholders at which an ordinary resolution has been
proposed consists of such shareholders present in person or by proxy, holding shares representing in
aggregate at least a simple majority of all votes capable of being exercised on a poll. The quorum for
a general meeting of shareholders at which a special resolution has been proposed consists of such
shareholders present in person or by proxy holding shares representing in aggregate at least two-thirds
of the voting rights entitled to vote at general meetings.

Nomination, Election and Removal of Directors

Our Articles provide that persons standing for election as directors at a duly constituted general
meeting with requisite quorum shall be elected by an ordinary resolution of our shareholders, which
requires the affirmative vote of a simple majority of the votes cast on the resolution by the
shareholders entitled to vote who are present in person or by proxy at the meeting. Our Articles further
provide that our Board is divided into three groups designated as Class I, Class II and Class III with
as nearly equal a number of directors in each group as possible. Directors assigned to Class I served
until the first annual general meeting of shareholders following the effectiveness of our Articles, being
8 February 2016; the directors assigned to Class II shall initially serve until the second annual general
meeting of shareholders following the effectiveness of our Articles; and directors assigned to Class III
shall initially serve until the third annual general meeting of shareholders following the effectiveness
of our Articles. Commencing with the first annual general meeting of shareholders following the

— III-4 —

