BUSINESS

Our Strengths

We believe the following strengths have contributed to our success and differentiate us from our

competitors:

Fully-Integrated Biotechnology Company with Broad Capabilities in China and Globally

Initially started as a research and development company in Beijing in 2010, we have since
become a fully-integrated global biotechnology company with broad capabilities spanning research,
clinical development, manufacturing and commercialization.

Research. As of July 20, 2018, we had a team of approximately 200 researchers based in Beijing.
Our scientific advisory board, which may from time to time provide us with assistance upon our
request, is comprised of world-renowned experts with extensive expertise in cancer drug research and
development, and is led by Dr. Xiaodong Wang, founding director of China’s National Institute of
Biological Sciences in Beijing, and member of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences and the Chinese
Academy of Sciences. In addition, we have built strong working relationships with key Chinese cancer
centers, which give us access to patient biopsy samples that allow us to develop an extensive
collection of proprietary cancer models.
research team has generated six
internally-developed candidates that we have advanced into clinical trials, including three which are
currently in pivotal trials.

In eight years, our

Clinical Development. We believe clinical development capabilities are critical to success in our
industry. We have built internal clinical development capabilities globally, which we believe provide
a competitive advantage over other biotechnology companies in China. As of July 20, 2018, we had
over 200 clinical development staff in the United States and over 300 in China and the broader
Asia-Pacific region. We believe that this global capability enables us to take advantage of significant
regulatory reforms in China by integrating China and global clinical development, which allows
access to a patient base that is as large as the United States and Europe combined. As of July 5, 2018,
we had more than 50 clinical
including 16 pivotal or
potentially registration-enabling trials, with more than 3,000 patients and healthy subjects already
enrolled in these trials. These trials include clinical sites in the United States, Australia, New Zealand,
China and other Asian countries, as well as Europe. All of our data and clinical practices are designed
to meet the global standards of the International Council on Harmonisation of Technical Requirements
for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use (ICH). We believe that our broad global clinical development
program will translate into significant commercial opportunities. In addition, we believe that our
investment in research and development of US$269 million during 2017 was the largest in oncology
and one of the largest by a China-based biopharmaceutical company.

trials ongoing or planned for initiation,

Manufacturing. We have an 11,000-square meter facility in Suzhou for the manufacture of small
molecule drugs at commercial scale and biologics drugs at pilot scale. The facility was designed to
comply with GMP requirements in China, the European Union and the United States. In January 2018,
the facility received a manufacturing license from the Jiangsu Food and Drug Administration, in
preparation for
another
100,000-square meter facility under construction in Guangzhou for the manufacture of biologics at
commercial scale. This facility is planned to have a 24,000-liter capacity, and over US$300 million

zanubrutinib in China. We have

the

commercial manufacture of

— 202 —

