REGULATIONS

Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be

combined:

•

•

•

Phase 1. The product is initially introduced into a small number of healthy human subjects
or patients and tested for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution and
excretion and, if possible, to gain early evidence on effectiveness. In the case of some
products for severe or life-threatening diseases, especially when the product is suspected or
known to be unavoidably toxic, the initial human testing may be conducted in patients.

Phase 2. Involves clinical trials in a limited patient population to identify possible adverse
effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific
targeted diseases and to determine dosage tolerance and optimal dosage and schedule.

Phase 3. Clinical trials are undertaken to further evaluate dosage, clinical efficacy and
safety in an expanded patient population. These clinical trials are intended to evaluate the
overall risk/benefit relationship of the product and provide an adequate basis for product
labeling.

We refer to our Phase 1 programs as dose-escalation and dose-expansion trials. In addition, we
refer to some of our Phase 2 programs as pivotal or registrational programs, where the results can be
used to support regulatory approval in specific jurisdictions without the need to conduct a Phase 3
trial.

Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to
the FDA and safety reports must be submitted to the FDA and the investigators for serious and
unexpected suspected AEs, any clinically important increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse
reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator’s brochure, or any findings from other studies
or animal or in vitro testing that suggest a significant risk in humans exposed to the product drug.
Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 studies may not be completed successfully within any specified period,
if at all. The FDA or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various
grounds,
the research subjects or patients are being exposed to an
unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its
institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB’s requirements or if
the product has been associated with unexpected serious harm to subjects.

including a finding that

Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal studies and must
also develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the product
and finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with
cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality
batches of the product and, among other things, the manufacturer must develop methods for testing
the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must
be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product does not
undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life.

— 168 —

