RISK FACTORS

There may be significant delays in obtaining reimbursement for approved drugs, and coverage
may be more limited than the purposes for which the drug is approved by the FDA or other comparable
regulatory authorities outside the United States. Moreover, eligibility for reimbursement does not
imply that any drug will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research,
development, manufacture, sale and distribution. Interim payments for new drugs, if applicable, may
also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. Payment rates may vary
according to the use of the drug and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on payments
allowed for lower cost drugs that are already reimbursed, and may be incorporated into existing
payments for other services. Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates
required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future weakening of laws
that presently restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in
the United States. Our inability to promptly obtain coverage and profitable payment rates from both
government-funded and private payors for our drugs and any new drugs that we develop could have
a material adverse effect on our business, our operating results, and our overall financial condition.

We intend to seek approval to market our drug candidates in the United States, China, Europe
and in other jurisdictions. In some non-U.S. countries, particularly those in the European Union, the
pricing of drugs and biologics is subject to governmental control, which can take considerable time
even after obtaining regulatory approval. Market acceptance and sales of our drugs will depend
significantly on the availability of adequate coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors for
drugs and may be affected by existing and future health care reform measures.

Recently enacted and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain
regulatory approval of and commercialize our drug candidates and affect the prices we may
obtain.

In the United States, China, the European Union and some other jurisdictions, there have been
a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding healthcare that could
prevent or delay regulatory approval of our drug candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval
activities and affect our ability to profitably sell our drugs and any drug candidates for which we
obtain regulatory approval. We expect that healthcare reform measures may result in more rigorous
coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved
drug. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a
similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures
or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability,
or commercialize our drugs.

Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and
restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We cannot be sure whether
additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations
will be changed, or what
the impact of such changes on the regulatory approvals of our drug
candidates, if any, may be.

— 53 —

