RISK FACTORS

We have entered into collaborations, such as with Celgene and Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany,
and may form or seek collaborations or strategic alliances or enter into additional
licensing
arrangements in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such collaborations, alliances
or licensing arrangements.

We may form or seek strategic alliances, create joint ventures or collaborations, or enter into
additional licensing arrangements with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our
development and commercialization efforts with respect to our drug candidates and any future drug
candidates that we may develop. Any of these relationships may require us to incur non-recurring and
other charges, increase our near and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our existing
shareholders, or disrupt our management and business.

For example, we entered into license agreements with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany,
pursuant
to which Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany has an option to acquire exclusive
commercialization rights under our pamiparib PARP program in the PRC if pamiparib does not receive
national priority project status in China under its 12th or 13th five-year plan by July 28, 2017. We
applied for national priority project status for pamiparib to be effective from the beginning of 2017,
and our application is in process and we believe it will be approved. However, there have been
unanticipated governmental delays that have impacted the 2017 applicant pool for national project
priority status and we expect that we will now receive formal notification in 2018. As such, we intend
to discuss with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany the impact of this delay on the PRC PARP license
agreement.

Our strategic collaboration with Celgene involves numerous risks. There can be no assurance that
we will be able to successfully manage and integrate Celgene’s commercial operations in China and
its personnel into our business, which could disrupt our business and harm our financial results.
Moreover, we may not achieve the revenue and cost synergies expected from the transaction and our
management’s attention may be diverted from our drug discovery and development business. These
synergies are inherently uncertain, and are subject to significant business, economic and competitive
uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are difficult to predict and are beyond our control. If
we achieve the expected benefits, they may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame. Also,
the synergies from our collaboration with Celgene may be offset by costs incurred in integrating
Celgene’s commercial operations in China, increases in other expenses, operating losses or problems
in the business unrelated to our collaboration with Celgene. As a result, there can be no assurance that
these synergies will be achieved.

We face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners and the negotiation
process is time-consuming and complex. Moreover, we may not be successful
in our efforts to
establish a strategic partnership or other alternative arrangements for our drug candidates because they
may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development for collaborative effort and third parties
may not view our drug candidates as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety and efficacy
or commercial viability.
If and when we collaborate with a third party for development and
commercialization of a drug candidate, we can expect to relinquish some or all of the control over the

— 78 —

