HOW TO APPLY FOR HONG KONG OFFER SHARES

You may submit an application using a WHITE or YELLOW Application Form or through the
White Form eIPO service in respect of a minimum of 100 Hong Kong Public Offer Shares. Each
application or electronic application instruction in respect of more than 100 Hong Kong Public Offer
Shares must be in one of the numbers set out in the table in the Application Form, or as otherwise
specified on the designated website at www.eipo.com.hk.

If your application is successful, brokerage will be paid to the Exchange Participants, and the
SFC transaction levy and the Stock Exchange trading fee are paid to the Stock Exchange (in the case
of the SFC transaction levy, collected by the Stock Exchange on behalf of the SFC).

For further details on the Offer Price, see the section headed “Structure of the Global Offering

— Pricing and Allocation”.

10. EFFECT OF BAD WEATHER ON THE OPENING OF THE APPLICATION LISTS

The application lists will not open if there is:

•

•

a tropical cyclone warning signal number 8 or above; or

a “black” rainstorm warning,

in force in Hong Kong at any time between 9:00 a.m. and 12:00 noon on Thursday, August 2, 2018.
Instead they will open between 11:45 a.m. and 12:00 noon on the next business day which does not
have either of those warnings in Hong Kong in force at any time between 9:00 a.m. and 12:00 noon.

If the application lists do not open and close on Thursday, August 2, 2018 or if there is a tropical
cyclone warning signal number 8 or above or a “black” rainstorm warning signal in force in Hong
Kong that may affect
the dates mentioned in the section headed “Expected Timetable”, an
announcement will be made in such event.

11. PUBLICATION OF RESULTS

The Company expects to announce the final Offer Price, the level of indication of interest in the
International Placing, the level of applications in the Hong Kong Public Offering and the basis of
allocation of the Hong Kong Offer Shares on Tuesday, August 7, 2018 in the South China Morning
Post (in English) and Hong Kong Economic Times (in Chinese) on the Company’s website at
www.beigene.com and the website of the Stock Exchange at www.hkexnews.hk.

The results of allocations and the Hong Kong identity card/ passport/ Hong Kong business
registration numbers of successful applicants under the Hong Kong Public Offering will be available
at the times and date and in the manner specified below:

•

in the announcement to be posted on the Company’s website at www.beigene.com and the
Stock Exchange’s website at www.hkexnews.hk by no later than Tuesday, August 7, 2018;

— 375 —

