BUSINESS

line treatment; gBRCA = germline BRCA; OC = ovarian cancer, TMZ = temozolomide; RT = radiotherapy;
IMiD =
immunomodulatory drugs; MM = multiple myeloma; ND = newly diagnosed; NHL = non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma; MDS =
myelodysplastic syndrome; AML = acute myeloid leukemia; CMMoL = chronic myelomonocytic leukemia; DLBCL = diffuse
large B-cell lymphoma;

*

**

Some indications will not require a non-pivotal Phase 2 clinical trial prior to beginning pivotal Phase 2 or 3 clinical trials.

Confirmatory clinical trials post-approval are required for accelerated approvals.

***

REVLIMID威 approved as a combination therapy with dexamethasone.

1

2

3

Celgene has the right to develop and commercialize tislelizumab in solid tumors in the United States, Europe, Japan and
the rest-of-world outside of Asia.

Limited collaboration with Merck KGaA.

Partnership with Mirati Therapeutics, Inc.

Our drug candidates are subject to NDA approval by the relevant authorities, such as the FDA
and the CDA, before commercialization in the relevant jurisdictions. Please refer to the section titled
“Regulations — U.S. Regulation — U.S. Government Regulation and Product Approval” and “— PRC
Regulation — PRC Drug Regulation” for details. As of the date of this prospectus, we believe that we
have not received any material comments or concerns raised by the CDA that we are not able to
address in a timely manner, and we believe we are on track to file the NDAs related to our Core
Product Candidates as described in the section titled “— Our Clinical-Stage Drug Candidates.”

Our Clinical-Stage Drug Candidates

Zanubrutinib (BGB-3111), a BTK Inhibitor

Zanubrutinib is an investigational small molecule inhibitor of BTK that

is currently being
evaluated in a broad pivotal clinical program globally and in China as a monotherapy and in
combination with other therapies to treat various lymphomas. Zanubrutinib has demonstrated higher
selectivity against BTK than IMBRUVICA威 (ibrutinib), an approved BTK inhibitor, based on our
biochemical assays, higher exposure than ibrutinib based on their respective Phase 1 experience in
separate studies, and sustained 24-hour BTK occupancy in both the peripheral blood and lymph node
compartments.

Mechanism of Action

BTK is a key component of the BCR signaling pathway and is an important regulator of cell
in various lymphomas. BTK inhibitors block BCR-induced BTK
proliferation and cell survival
leading to growth inhibition and cell death in certain
activation and its downstream signaling,
malignant white blood cells called B-cells. Zanubrutinib is an orally active inhibitor that covalently
binds to BTK, resulting in irreversible inactivation of the enzyme.

— 209 —

