APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF THE CONSTITUTION OF THE
COMPANY AND CAYMAN COMPANIES LAW

The English common law rule that the majority will not be permitted to commit a fraud on the

minority has been applied and followed by the Courts of the Cayman Islands.

Disposal of Assets

The Companies Law contains no specific restrictions on the powers of directors to dispose of
assets of a company. As a matter of general law, in the exercise of those powers, the directors must
discharge their duties of care and to act in good faith, for a proper purpose and in the interests of the
company.

Accounting and Auditing Requirements

The Companies Law requires that a company shall cause to be kept proper books of account with

respect to:

•

•

•

all sums of money received and expended by the company and the matters in respect of
which the receipt and expenditure takes place;

all sales and purchases of goods by the company; and

the assets and liabilities of the company.

Proper books of account shall not be deemed to be kept if there are not kept such books as are
necessary to give a true and fair view of the state of the company’s affairs and to explain its
transactions.

Register of Members

An exempted company may, subject to the provisions of its articles of association, maintain its
principal register of members and any branch registers at such locations, whether within or without
the Cayman Islands, as its directors may from time to time think fit. There is no requirement under
the Cayman Companies Law for an exempted company to make any returns of members to the
Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands. The names and addresses of the members are,
accordingly, not a matter of public record and are not available for public inspection.

Inspection of Books and Records

Members of a company will have no general right under the Companies Law to inspect or obtain
copies of the register of members or corporate records of the company. They will, however, have such
rights as may be set out in the company’s articles of association.

— III-11 —

