BUSINESS

least

two patients

Grade 3 or 4 non-immune AEs assessed by the investigator to be related to the treatment regimen
and reported in more than one patient
included anemia (12%), nausea (4%) and fatigue (4%).
Immune-related AEs of any grade regardless of causality occurred in 23 patients (47%); those reported
in at
included elevated alanine aminotransferase, or ALT, elevated AST,
hypothyroidism, auto-immune hepatitis / hepatitis, diarrhea, elevated gamma-glutamyl transferase, or
GGT, hyperthyroidism and pruritus. Grade 3 and 4 liver-related AEs regardless of causality were
reported in nine patients, including five patients with hepatitis and four patients with ALT, AST and/or
GGT elevations. Together, liver-related AEs of any grade regardless of causality were observed in 13
patients; all events were manageable and reversible with corticosteroid treatment. The trial protocol
was amended to increase real-time hepatic safety monitoring consistent with new European Society for
Medical Oncology, or ESMO, guidance for immune-related treatment-emergent AEs. Certain IRAEs
may be associated with checkpoint inhibition and the combination of checkpoint inhibitors with other
drugs.

At the data cutoff of July 31, 2017, 49 patients were evaluable for efficacy. Best responses
included two confirmed CRs, five confirmed PRs, and seven unconfirmed PRs. The clinical benefit
rate including CRs, PRs and durable SDs with at least 24 weeks was 31%. With longer follow-up, as
of January 4, 2018, among the 49 evaluable patients, best responses included two confirmed CRs,
eight confirmed PRs, and four unconfirmed PRs. The clinical benefit rate was 39%. As of the July 31,
2017 cutoff, 11 patients remained on treatment, the median duration of response was 168.5 days
(range: 64-508 days), and duration of treatment was over 200 days in 10 patients.

The trial is currently planned to further evaluate the combination’s activity in expansion cohorts
lung, gastric or

triple-negative breast, castration-resistant prostate,

of patients with ovarian,
gastro-esophageal junction, urothelial and pancreatic cancers.

Clinical Development Plan

We are running a broad development program with Celgene including global pivotal trials in
Asia-prevalent cancers, such as NSCLC, EC and HCC, which are intended to support regulatory
submissions globally and in China. We have initiated Phase 3 trials to evaluate tislelizumab as a
potential second- or third-line treatment compared to docetaxel in patients with NSCLC; as a potential
first
line treatment compared to sorafenib in patients with HCC; and as a potential second-line
treatment compared to investigator-chosen chemotherapy in patients with ESCC. We have also
recently initiated a global Phase 2 trial in patients with previously treated advanced HCC, as well as
a global Phase 2 trial in patients with relapsed or refractory mature T- and NK-cell lymphomas, with
the first patient in both trials dosed in April 2018. We and Celgene expect to commence additional
pivotal trials in 2018 and 2019, such as a pivotal trial in gastric cancer.

We have three additional China pivotal trials ongoing, including two Phase 2 trials in patients
with R/R cHL and in patients with PD-L1 positive urothelial cancer and a Phase 3 trial in combination
with chemotherapy in patients with non-squamous NSCLC. We expect to file for regulatory approvals
in China for tislelizumab in these indications based on the results of these Phase 2 trials. If we receive
conditional approval instead of full approval, we will be required to conduct one or more confirmatory
studies after such conditional approvals. We received preliminary topline results from the independent
review of the Phase 2 pivotal trial in Chinese patients with R/R cHL. The overall response rate was

— 226 —

