APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Functional currency and foreign currency translation

Functional currency

The determination of the respective functional currency is based on the criteria of Accounting
Standard Codification (“ASC”) 830, Foreign Currency Matters. The functional currency of the
Company, BeiGene AUS PTY LTD., BeiGene Switzerland, BeiGene Ireland Limited, BeiGene (Hong
Kong) Co., Limited, BeiGene 101, and BeiGene (USA) is the United States dollar (“$” or “U.S.
dollar”). The Company’s PRC subsidiaries determined their functional currencies to be Renminbi
(“RMB”). The Company uses the U.S. dollar as its reporting currency.

Foreign currency translation

For subsidiaries whose functional currencies are not the U.S. dollar, the Company uses the
average exchange rate for the year and the exchange rate at the balance sheet date, to translate the
operating results and financial position to U.S. dollar, the reporting currency, respectively. Translation
differences are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss), a component of
shareholders’ equity/deficit. Transactions denominated in currencies other
than the functional
currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing on the transaction
dates. Foreign currency denominated financial assets and liabilities are remeasured at the exchange
rates prevailing at the balance sheet date. Exchange gains and losses are included in the consolidated
statements of operations.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and bank deposits, which are unrestricted as
to withdrawal and use. The Group considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity
date of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents which
consist primarily of money market funds are stated at fair value.

Accounts receivable

Trade accounts receivable are recorded at their invoiced amounts, net of allowances for doubtful
accounts. An allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded when the collection of the full amount is no
longer probable. In evaluating the collectability of receivable balances, the Group considers specific
evidence
current
creditworthiness and current economic trends. Accounts receivable are written off after all collection
efforts have ceased. The Group regularly reviews the adequacy and appropriateness of any allowance
for doubtful accounts. No allowance for doubtful accounts was recorded as of March 31, 2018.

customer’s payment history,

receivable,

its

including aging of

the

the

— I-17 —

