FINANCIAL INFORMATION

We have elected to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not
that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. The
qualitative assessment includes the evaluation of relevant events and circumstances affecting the
single reporting unit, including macroeconomic, industry, and market conditions, the overall financial
performance, and trends in the market price of the common stock. If qualitative factors indicate that
it is more likely than not that the reporting unit’s fair value is less than its carrying amount, then the
Group will perform the quantitative impairment
test by comparing the reporting unit’s carrying
amount, including goodwill, to its fair value. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its
fair value, an impairment loss will be recognized in an amount equal to that excess. For the year ended
December 31, 2017 and the three months ended March 31, 2018, we determined that there was no
material impairment of the goodwill.

Intangible assets acquired through business acquisitions are recognized as assets separate from
goodwill and are measured at fair value upon acquisition. Acquired identifiable intangible assets
consist of the distribution rights with respect to approved cancer therapies licensed from Celgene,
ABRAXANE威, REVLIMID威 and VIDAZA威, and its investigational agent avadomide (CC-122) and
are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which are 10 years.
Such estimated period based on the contractual life of the distribution right. Actual useful lives may
differ from our estimate and additional amortization may be recognized if our estimate of the sale
period is shorter than the contractual life. We review the useful lives of intangible assets periodically,
as part of our impairment assessment.

Intangible assets with finite useful lives are tested for impairment when events or circumstances
occur that could indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When these
events occur, we evaluate the recoverability of the intangible assets by comparing the carrying amount
of the assets to the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and
their eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying
amount of the assets, we recognize an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount of
the assets over their fair value. Fair value is generally determined by discounting the cash flows
expected to be generated by the assets, when the market prices are not readily available. For the year
ended December 31, 2017 and the three months ended March 31, 2018, we determined that there were
no indicators of impairment of the other intangible assets.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 2 to the Accountant’s Report in Appendix I to this prospectus for information regarding

recent accounting pronouncements.

Material Related Party Transactions

We entered into the following related party transactions during the Track Record Period.

— 303 —

