REGULATIONS

Factors that affect the inclusion of a pharmaceutical product in the NRDL include whether the
product is consumed in large volumes and commonly prescribed for clinical use in the PRC and
whether it is considered to be important in meeting the basic healthcare needs of the general public.
Since 2016, special consideration has been given to, among others, innovative drugs with high clinical
value and drugs for serious diseases. In addition, the PRC Ministry of Human Resources and Social
Security has also been negotiating with manufacturers of expensive drugs with high clinical demands
and proved effectiveness for price cuts in exchange for inclusion into the NRDL. The 2017 NRDL
covers 2,535 drugs in total, including 339 new additions, with an emphasis on innovative drugs and
drugs that treat cancer and other serious diseases.

Government price controls

In June 2015, the Chinese government abolished the 15-year-old government-led pricing system
for drugs, and lifted the maximum retail price requirement for most drugs, including drugs reimbursed
by government medical
insurance funds, patented drugs, and some other drugs. The government
regulates prices mainly by establishing a consolidated procurement mechanism, restructuring medical
insurance reimbursement standards and strengthening regulation of medical and pricing practices as
discussed below.

Centralized procurement and tenders

Under current regulations, public medical institutions owned by the government or owned by
state-owned or controlled enterprises are required to purchase pharmaceutical products through
centralized online procurement processes. There are exceptions for drugs on the National List of
Essential Drugs, which must comply with their own procurement rules, and certain drugs subject to
the central government’s special control such as toxic, radioactive and narcotic drugs, and traditional
Chinese medicines.

The centralized procurement process takes the form of public tenders operated by provincial or
municipal-level government agencies. The centralized tender process is typically conducted once
every year. The bids are assessed by a committee randomly selected from a database of experts. The
committee members assess the bids based on a number of factors, including but not limited to bid
price, product quality, clinical effectiveness, product safety, level of technology, qualifications and
reputation of the manufacturer, after-sale services and innovation.

Over the last decade, the government has been using various methods to ensure that drugs are
offered at affordable prices. In 2009, the central government announced the campaign to implement
a “zero markup” policy on essential drugs among basic healthcare institutions, which has been fully
implemented nationwide by the end of September 2017. In addition, some local government began to
allow medical institutions to collectively negotiate with manufacturers for a second price to further
lower the already agreed bid price. Further, the newly adopted Two-Invoice System is also aimed to
reduce price mark-ups brought about by multi-tier distribution chains.

— 186 —

