APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

life of the distribution right. Actual useful lives may differ from the Group’s estimate and additional
amortisation may be recognized if the Group’s estimate of the sale period is shorter than the
contractual life. The Group reviews the useful lives of intangible assets periodically, as part of its
impairment assessment.

Intangible assets with finite useful lives are tested for impairment when events or circumstances
occur that could indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When these
events occur, the Group evaluates the recoverability of the intangible assets by comparing the carrying
amount of the assets to the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets
and their eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flows is less than the
carrying amount of the assets, the Group recognizes an impairment loss based on the excess of the
carrying amount of the assets over their fair value. Fair value is generally determined by discounting
the cash flows expected to be generated by the assets, when the market prices are not readily available.
For the year ended December 31, 2017 and the three months ended March 31, 2018, the Group
determined that there were no indicators of impairment of the other intangible assets.

Impairment of long-lived assets

Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment in accordance with authoritative guidance for
impairment or disposal of long-lived assets. Long-lived assets are reviewed for events or changes in
circumstances, which indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. Long-lived assets are
reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. For the years ended December
31, 2016 and 2017 and the three months ended March 31, 2018, there was no impairment of the value
of the Group’s long-lived assets.

Fair value measurements

Fair value of financial instruments

Financial instruments of the Group primarily include cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash,
short-term investments, accounts receivable, unbilled receivable, long-term bank loan, Shareholder
Loan (as defined in note II.11) and accounts payable. As of December 31, 2016 and 2017 and March
31, 2018, the carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable
approximated their fair values due to the short-term maturity of these instruments. The short-term
investments represented the available-for-sale debt securities and time deposits. The available-for-sale
debt securities are recorded at fair value based on quoted prices in active markets with unrealized gain
or loss recorded in other comprehensive income or loss. The long-term bank loan and Shareholder
Loan approximate their fair value due to the fact that the related interest rates approximate the rates
currently offered by financial institutions for similar debt instrument of comparable maturities. The
warrants issued prior to the US IPO relating to the convertible promissory notes and the option to
purchase shares by rental deferral were exercised in 2016. The Company determined the exercise date
fair value of the warrants and option using the intrinsic value, which equals to the difference between
the share price at
the US IPO closing date and the exercise price, as the exercise dates were
immediately prior to or very close to the US IPO closing date.

— I-21 —

