APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

a contract are charged to expense in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become
reasonably certain. There were no material adjustments for a change in estimate to research and
development expenses in the consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2016
and 2017 and the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2018.

Government grants

financial

that

incentives

Government

involve no conditions or continuing performance
obligations of the Group are recognized as other non-operating income upon receipt. In the event that
government grants or incentives involve continuing performance obligations, the Group will capitalize
the payment as a liability and defer the related income over the performance period. Government
grants relating to assets are recognized in the consolidated balance sheets upon receipt and amortized
as other income over the weighted average useful lives of the related assets.

Leases

Leases are classified at the inception date as either a capital lease or an operating lease. The
Group assesses a lease to be a capital lease if any of the following conditions exist: (a) ownership is
transferred to the lessee by the end of the lease term, (b) there is a bargain purchase option, (c) the
lease term is at least 75% of the property’s estimated remaining economic life or (d) the present value
of the minimum lease payments at the beginning of the lease term is 90% or more of the fair value
of the leased property to the lessor at the inception date. A capital lease is accounted for as if there
was an acquisition of an asset and an incurrence of an obligation at the inception of the lease. The
Group had no capital leases for the years presented.

All other leases are accounted for as operating leases wherein rental payments are expensed on
a straight-line basis over the periods of their respective lease terms. The Group leases office space,
employee accommodation and manufactory space under operating lease agreements. Certain of the
lease agreements contain rent holidays. Rent holidays are considered in determining the straight-line
rent expense to be recorded over the lease term. The lease term begins on the date of initial possession
of the lease property for the purposes of recognizing lease expense on straight-line basis over the term
of the lease.

Comprehensive loss

Comprehensive loss is defined as the changes in equity of the Group during a period from
transactions and other events and circumstances excluding transactions resulting from investments by
owners and distributions to owners. Among other disclosures, ASC 220, Comprehensive Income,
requires that all
items that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as
components of comprehensive loss be reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same
prominence as other
the Group’s
comprehensive loss includes net loss, foreign currency translation adjustments and unrealized holding
losses associated with the available-for-sale securities, and is presented in the consolidated statements
of comprehensive loss.

statements. For each of

the periods presented,

financial

— I-27 —

