SUMMARY

For the calculation of the unaudited pro forma adjusted net

tangible asset value per Share
attributed to our Shareholders, see the section headed “Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information”
in Appendix II.

DIVIDENDS

if any,

We have never declared or paid any dividends on our ordinary shares or any other securities. We
currently intend to retain all available funds and earnings,
to fund the development and
expansion of our business and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. Any future determination to pay dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board and may
be based on a number of factors, including our future operations and earnings, capital requirements
and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that our Board may
deem relevant. If we pay dividends in the future,
in order for us to distribute dividends to our
shareholders, we will rely to some extent on any dividends distributed by our PRC subsidiaries. Any
dividend distributions from our PRC subsidiaries to us will be subject to PRC withholding tax. In
addition, regulations in the PRC currently permit payment of dividends of a PRC company only out
of accumulated distributable after-tax profits as determined in accordance with its articles of
association and the accounting standards and regulations in China. See the section headed “Risk
Factors — Risks Related to Our Doing Business in the PRC.” In the future, we may rely to some extent
on dividends and other distributions on equity from our principal operating subsidiaries to fund
offshore cash and financing requirements.

Any declaration and payment as well as the amount of dividends will be subject

to our
constitutional documents and the Cayman Companies Law. Our Shareholders in a general meeting may
approve any declaration of dividends, which must not exceed the amount recommended by our Board.
As advised by our Cayman counsel, under the Companies Law a Cayman Islands company may pay
a dividend out of either profits or share premium account, provided that in no circumstances may a
dividend be paid if this would result in the company being unable to pay its debts as they fall due in
the ordinary course of business. In light of our accumulated losses as disclosed in this prospectus, it
is unlikely that we will be eligible to pay a dividend out of our profits in the foreseeable future. We
may, however, pay a dividend out of our share premium account unless the paying of such a dividend
would result in our Company being unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of
business. Our future declarations of dividends may or may not reflect our historical declarations of
dividends and will be at the absolute discretion of the Board. There is no assurance that dividends of
any amount will be declared to be distributed in any year.

LISTING EXPENSES

The total listing expenses (including underwriting commissions) payable by our Company are
estimated to be approximately HK$280.3 million, assuming the Over-allotment Option is not exercised
and based on an Offer Price of HK$103.00 per Offer Share (being the mid-point of our Offer Price
range of HK$94.40 to HK$111.60 per Offer Share). These listing expenses mainly comprise
professional fees paid and payable to the professional parties, and commissions payable to the
Underwriters, for their services rendered in relation to the Listing and the Global Offering. As of

— 18 —

