RISK FACTORS

The process to develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize drug candidates is
long, complex and costly both inside and outside the United States and China, and approval is never
guaranteed. Even if our drug candidates were to successfully obtain approval from the regulatory
authorities, any approval might significantly limit the approved indications for use, or require that
precautions, contraindications or warnings be included on the product labeling, or require expensive
and time-consuming post-approval clinical trials or surveillance as conditions of approval. Following
any approval for commercial sale of our drug candidates, certain changes to the drug, such as changes
in manufacturing processes and additional labeling claims, may be subject to additional review and
approval by the FDA, CDA and EMA and comparable regulatory authorities. Also, regulatory approval
for any of our drug candidates may be withdrawn. If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval for
our drug candidates in one or more jurisdictions, or any approval contains significant limitations, our
target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of our drug candidates
will be harmed. Furthermore, we may not be able to obtain sufficient funding or generate sufficient
revenue and cash flows to continue the development of any other drug candidate in the future.

Our drugs and any future approved drug candidates may fail to achieve the degree of market
acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community
necessary for commercial success.

Our drugs and any future approved drug candidates may fail to gain sufficient market acceptance
by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community. For example, current
cancer treatments like chemotherapy and radiation therapy are well established in the medical
community, and doctors may continue to rely on these treatments to the exclusion of our drugs and
drug candidates. In addition, physicians, patients and third-party payors may prefer other novel
products to ours. If our drugs and drug candidates do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we
may not generate significant product sales revenues and we may not become profitable. The degree
of market acceptance of our drugs and drug candidates, if approved for commercial sale, will depend
on a number of factors, including:

•

•

•

•

•

•

•

the clinical indications for which our drugs and drug candidates are approved;

physicians, hospitals, cancer treatment centers and patients considering our drugs and drug
candidates as a safe and effective treatment;

the potential and perceived advantages of our drugs and drug candidates over alternative
treatments;

the prevalence and severity of any side effects;

product labeling or product insert requirements of regulatory authorities;

limitations or warnings contained in the labeling approved by regulatory authorities;

the timing of market introduction of our drugs and drug candidates as well as competitive
drugs;

— 55 —

