APPENDIX II

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION

B.

INDEPENDENT REPORTING ACCOUNTANTS’ ASSURANCE REPORT ON THE
COMPILATION OF UNAUDITED PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION

The following is the text of a report received from our independent reporting accountants, Ernst
& Young, Certified Public Accountants, Hong Kong, prepared for the purpose of incorporation in this
document, in respect of the unaudited pro forma financial information of the Group.

22nd Floor
CITIC Tower
1 Tim Mei Avenue
Central, Hong Kong

To the Directors of BeiGene, Ltd.

We have completed our assurance engagement to report on the compilation of unaudited pro
forma financial
information of BeiGene, Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (hereinafter
collectively referred to as the “Group”) by the directors of the Company (the “Directors”) for
illustrative purposes only. The pro forma financial information consists of the pro forma consolidated
net tangible assets as at March 31, 2018 and related notes as set out on pages II.1-II.2 of the prospectus
dated July 30, 2018 issued by the Company (the “Pro Forma Financial Information”). The applicable
criteria on the basis of which the Directors have compiled the Pro Forma Financial Information are
described in Appendix II-A to the prospectus.

The Pro Forma Financial Information has been compiled by the Directors to illustrate the impact
of the global offering of shares of the Company on the Group’s financial position as at March 31, 2018
as if the transaction had taken place at March 31, 2018. As part of this process, information about the
Group’s Pro Forma Financial Information has been extracted by the Directors from the Group’s
financial statements for the period ended March 31, 2018, on which an accountants’ report has been
published.

Directors’ responsibility for the Pro Forma Financial Information

The Directors are responsible for compiling the Pro Forma Financial Information in accordance
with paragraph 4.29 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) and with reference to Accounting Guideline (“AG”) 7 Preparation
of Pro Forma Financial Information for Inclusion in Investment Circulars issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”).

Our independence and quality control

We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics
for Professional Accountants issued by the HKICPA, which is founded on fundamental principles of
integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behavior.

Our firm applies Hong Kong Standard on Quality Control 1 Quality Control for Firms that
Perform Audits and Reviews of Financial Statements, and Other Assurance and Related Services

— II-3 —

