FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Any future determination to pay dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board and may
be based on a number of factors, including our future operations and earnings, capital requirements
and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that our Board may
deem relevant. If we pay any dividends, we will pay our ordinary shareholders to the same extent as
holders of ADSs, subject to the terms of the deposit agreement, as amended, including the fees and
expenses payable thereunder. Cash dividends on our ordinary shares, if any, will be paid in U.S.
dollars.

If we pay dividends in the future, in order for us to distribute dividends to our shareholders and
ADS holders, we will rely to some extent on any dividends distributed by our PRC subsidiaries. Any
dividend distributions from our PRC subsidiaries to us will be subject to PRC withholding tax. In
addition, regulations in the PRC currently permit payment of dividends of a PRC company only out
of accumulated distributable after-tax profits as determined in accordance with its articles of
association and the accounting standards and regulations in China. See the section of this prospectus
titled “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Doing Business in the PRC—We may rely on dividends and
other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements
we may have, and any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make payments to us could
have a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business.”

Distributable Reserves

As of March 31, 2018, the Company had distributable reserves of US$1,423 million.

Listing Expenses

The total listing expenses (including underwriting commissions) payable by our Company are
estimated to be approximately HK$280.3 million, assuming the Over-allotment Option is not exercised
and based on an Offer Price of HK$103.00 per Offer Share (being the mid-point of our Offer Price
range of HK$94.40 to HK$111.60 per Offer Share). These listing expenses mainly comprise
professional fees paid and payable to the professional parties, and commissions payable to the
Underwriters, for their services rendered in relation to the Listing and the Global Offering.

As of March 31, 2018, there were no listing expenses incurred by us in relation to the Listing.
We estimate that
listing expenses of approximately HK$280.3 million will be incurred by the
company, of which HK$5.5 million will be charged to the income statement and HK$274.8 million
will be capitalized as contra-equity.

Unaudited Pro Forma Adjusted Consolidated Net Tangible Assets

The following unaudited pro forma adjusted net tangible assets prepared in accordance with Rule
4.29 of the Listing Rules are set out below to illustrate the effect of the Global Offering on our
consolidated net tangible assets attributable to our equity holders as of March 31, 2018 as if the Global
Offering had taken place on that date.

— 308 —

