REGULATIONS

CDE Guideline on PD-1/L1 NDA

on

recurrent

(抗PD-1/PD-L1單抗品種申報上市的資料數據基本要求)

In addition to the programs and proposals above, the CDE has recently stated that it will permit
applicants for PD-1/L1 agents to submit data on a rolling basis based on the current high unmet
medical need for PD-1/L1 agents. In February 2018, the CDE released the Guideline on the Basic
Requirements of Information and Data for NDA Submissions of anti-PD-1/L1 Monoclonal Antibody
Products
refractory
advanced cancers without standard-of-care therapies. Under the guideline, the sponsor must have a
pre-NDA meeting with the CDE regarding the data and the NDA submission. The CDE will permit the
following submission for these applicants: (1) an initial NDA submission with full preliminary safety
data and effectiveness data, including the results of at least two independent therapeutic efficacy
assessments of all patients who are currently enrolled pursuant to all of the protocol’s requirements;
(2) during the CDE’s substantive technical review of the NDA, submission on a rolling basis of
follow-up safety and effectiveness data from at least six months from the time of the last enrolled
patient showing the duration of the response; and (3) submission of all efficacy and safety data as
provided for under the protocol before final approval is granted by the CDA. Sponsors may also apply
for priority review and approval for their NDA to accelerate the progress. If granted, priority status
will be applied to various stages of the approval process,
including testing, manufacturing site
inspection, technical review, and clinical site inspection.

and

Clinical Trials and Marketing Approval

Upon completion of pre-clinical studies, a sponsor typically needs to conduct clinical trials in
China for registering a new drug in China. The materials required for this application and the data
requirements are determined by the registration category. The CDA has taken a number of steps to
increase efficiency for approving CTAs, and it has also significantly increased monitoring and
enforcement of GCP to ensure data integrity.

Trial Approval

All clinical trials conducted in China must be approved and conducted at hospitals accredited by
the CDA. For imported drugs, proof of foreign approval is required prior to the trial, unless the drug
has never been approved anywhere in the world. In addition to a standalone China trial to support
development, imported drug applicants may establish a site in China that is part of an international
multicenter trial, or IMCT, at the outset of the global trial. Domestically manufactured drugs are not
subject to foreign approval requirements, and in contrast to prior practice, the CDA has recently
indicated its intent to permit those drugs to conduct development via an IMCT as well.

trial,

In 2015, the CDA began to issue an umbrella approval for all phases (typically three) of a new
instead of issuing approval phase by phase. For certain types of new drug
drug clinical
candidates, clinical trial applications may be prioritized over other applications, and put in a separate
expedited queue for approval. Category 1 drugs are new drug trials which would qualify for this
expedited umbrella approval status. Other trials that are not part of these expedited lines could still
wait up to a year for approval to conduct the trial.

— 180 —

