APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

the two-class method, net income is allocated between ordinary shares and participating securities
based on dividends declared (or accumulated) and participating rights in undistributed earnings as if
all the earnings for the reporting period had been distributed. The Company’s convertible preferred
shares and restricted shares are participating securities because they have contractual rights to share
in the profits of the Company.

However, both the convertible preferred shares and restricted shares do not have contractual
rights and obligations to share in the losses of the Company. For the periods presented herein, the
computation of basic loss per share using the two-class method is not applicable as the Group is in
a net loss position.

Diluted loss per share is calculated by dividing net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders as
adjusted for the effect of dilutive ordinary equivalent shares, if any, by the weighted average number
of ordinary and dilutive ordinary equivalent shares outstanding during the period. Ordinary equivalent
shares consist of the ordinary shares issuable upon the conversion of the Company’s convertible
preferred shares using the if-converted method, and ordinary shares issuable upon the conversion of
the share options and unvested restricted shares, using the treasury stock method. Ordinary share
equivalents are excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share if their effects would be
anti-dilutive. Basic and diluted loss per ordinary share is presented in the Group’s consolidated
statements of operations.

Segment information

In accordance with ASC 280, Segment Reporting, the Group’s chief operating decision maker,
the Chief Executive Officer, reviews the consolidated results when making decisions about allocating
resources and assessing performance of the Group as a whole and hence, the Group has only one
reportable segment. The Group does not distinguish between markets or segments for the purpose of
internal reporting.

Concentration of risks

Concentration of credit risk

Financial

to credit

instruments that are potentially subject

risk consist of cash and cash
equivalents and short-term investments. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents and
short-term investments represent the maximum amount of loss due to credit risk. As of December 31,
2016, December 31, 2017 and March 31, 2018, cash and cash equivalents of US$87,514,000,
US$239,602,000 and US$490,634,000 were deposited with various major
reputable financial
institutions located in the PRC and international financial institutions outside of the PRC. The deposits
placed with financial institutions are not protected by statutory or commercial insurance. In the event
of bankruptcy of one of these financial institutions, the Group may be unlikely to claim its deposits
back in full. Management believes that these financial institutions are of high credit quality and
continually monitors the credit worthiness of these financial institutions. As of December 31, 2016 and
2017 and March 31, 2018, the Group had short-term investments amounting to US$280,660,000,
US$597,914,000 and US$973,381,000, respectively.

— I-30 —

