FINANCIAL INFORMATION

generated US$254.7 million and US$1.1 million of revenue, respectively, consisting of product sales
revenue since September 2017, upfront license fees, reimbursed research and development expenses,
research and development service revenue and milestone payments from our strategic collaboration
with Celgene for tislelizumab entered in 2017 and our collaboration agreements with Merck KGaA,
Darmstadt Germany for pamiparib and lifirafenib entered in 2013.

Recent Developments

In April 2018, we announced the initiation of a global Phase 2 trial of tislelizumab in patients
with previously treated HCC, and a global Phase 2 trial of tislelizumab in patients with relapsed or
refractory mature T- and NK-cell lymphomas.

Major Factors Affecting our Results of Operations

Our results of operations, financial condition and the period-to-period comparability of our

financial results are principally affected by the following factors:

Revenue

To date, our revenue has consisted of product sales revenue since September 2017, upfront
license fees, reimbursed research and development expenses, research and development service
revenue and milestone payments from our strategic collaboration with Celgene for tislelizumab
entered in 2017 and our collaboration agreements with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany for
pamiparib and lifirafenib entered in 2013. We do not expect to generate significant revenue from
internally-developed drug candidates unless and until we successfully complete development and
obtain regulatory approval for one or more of our drug candidates, which is subject to significant
uncertainty.

Revenues from product sales are recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists,
delivery has occurred and title of the product and associated risk of loss has transferred to the
customer,
the price is fixed or determinable, collection from the customer has been reasonably
assured, and returns and allowances can be reasonably estimated. Product sales are typically
recognized at a point in time upon the delivery and transfer of the title of the product and associated
risk of loss to the customer. Product sales are recorded net of estimated rebates, estimated product
returns and other deductions. Provisions for estimated reductions to revenue are provided for in the
same period the related sales are recorded and are based on the sales terms, historical experience and
trend analysis. We expect revenue from product sales to increase in 2018 as we expand our efforts to
promote and obtain reimbursement for ABRAXANE威, REVLIMID威 and VIDAZA威 in China.

We also record revenue from our collaboration and license agreements with Celgene and Merck
KGaA, Darmstadt Germany. Under each agreement, we received upfront payments related to the
license fee. The portion of the upfront fee that was allocated to the value of the license right was
recognized at a point
in time, upon the delivery of the license. The portion of the upfront fee
associated with the remaining deliverables in the arrangement are deferred and recognized as revenue
over time as those services are provided. Additionally, the reimbursement of remaining undelivered
research and development services is recognized over the performance periods of the collaboration

— 261 —

