REGULATIONS

U.S. Review and Approval Processes

The results of product development, preclinical

trials, along with
descriptions of the manufacturing process, analytical
tests conducted on the product, proposed
labeling and other relevant information, are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA for a new drug
or a BLA for a biologic, requesting approval to market the product. The submission of an NDA or BLA
is subject to the payment of a substantial user fee; although a waiver of such fee may be obtained under
certain limited circumstances. The sponsor of an approved NDA or BLA is also subject to an annual
prescription drug product program fee.

studies and clinical

The FDA reviews all NDAs and BLAs submitted to ensure that they are sufficiently complete for
substantive review before it accepts them for filing. The FDA may request additional information
rather than accept an NDA or BLA for filing. In this event, the NDA or BLA must be re-submitted with
the additional information. The re-submitted application also is subject to review before the FDA
accepts it for filing. Once the submission is accepted for filing,
the FDA begins an in-depth
substantive review. The FDA reviews an NDA to determine, among other things, whether a product is
safe and effective for its intended use, and a BLA to determine whether the biologic is safe, pure, and
potent
the product’s manufacturing is
cGMP-compliant to assure the product’s identity, strength, quality and purity. Before approving an
NDA or BLA, the FDA typically will inspect the facility or facilities where the product is or will be
manufactured. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that the manufacturing
processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent
production of the product within required specifications.

its intended use. The FDA also evaluates whether

for

The approval process is lengthy and difficult and the FDA may refuse to approve an NDA or BLA
if the applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied or may require additional clinical data or other
data and information. Even if such data and information are submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide
that the NDA or BLA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. Data obtained from clinical trials are
not always conclusive, and the FDA may interpret data differently than we interpret the same data. The
FDA will issue a complete response letter if the agency decides not to approve the NDA or BLA in
its present form. The complete response letter usually describes all of the specific deficiencies that the
FDA identified in the NDA or BLA that must be satisfactorily addressed before it can be approved.
The deficiencies identified may be minor, for example, requiring labeling changes, or major, for
example, requiring additional clinical trials. Additionally, the complete response letter may include
recommended actions that the applicant might take to place the application in a condition for approval.
If a complete response letter is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the NDA or BLA, addressing
all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw the application or request an opportunity
for a hearing.

If a product receives regulatory approval, the approval may be significantly limited to specific
diseases and dosages or the indications for use may otherwise be limited, which could restrict the
the FDA may require that certain contraindications,
commercial value of the product. Further,
warnings or precautions be included in the product
the FDA may require
post-approval studies,
to further assess a product’s safety and
effectiveness after NDA or BLA approval and may require testing and surveillance programs to

including Phase 4 clinical

labeling. In addition,

trials,

— 169 —

