CORNERSTONE INVESTORS

Two of the Cornerstone Investors, namely the Baker Bros. Entities and the Hillhouse Funds, who
are existing Shareholders of our Company have been permitted to participate in the Cornerstone
Placing pursuant to paragraph 5.2 of Stock Exchange Guidance letter HKEX-GL92-18 and the waiver
from Rule 9.09(b) of the Listing Rules as further described in the section headed “Waivers from
Compliance with the Listing Rules and Exemptions
(Winding Up and
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance”.

from the Companies

Details of allocation to the Cornerstone Investors will be disclosed in the announcement of

allotment results of our Company to be published on or about August 7, 2018.

THE CORNERSTONE INVESTORS

The information about our Cornerstone Investors set forth below has been provided by the

Cornerstone Investors in connection with the Cornerstone Placing.

1.

Baker Bros. Entities

667, L.P. and Baker Brothers Life Sciences, L.P. (the “Baker Bros. Entities”) are long-term
investment partnerships investing in life sciences companies and advised by Baker Bros. Advisors LP.
Baker Bros. Advisors LP is an investment advisor located in New York, New York, which has been
providing investment advisory services since January 2000. The partnerships invest primarily in
public and private securities and related assets of life sciences companies on behalf of their limited
partners, who are predominantly charitable foundations and university endowments.

The Baker Bros. Entities have agreed to subscribe for such number of Offer Shares (rounded
that may be purchased for an aggregate amount of

down to the nearest whole board lot)
US$80,000,000 (or approximately HK$627,928,000) at the Offer Price.

Assuming the Offer Price of HK$94.40 (being the low-end of the Offer Price range set out in this
Prospectus), the total aggregate number of Shares to be subscribed for by the Baker Bros. Entities will
be 6,651,700 Shares (rounded down to the nearest whole board lot and calculated based on the
conversion of the investment amount made in US$ being converted at
the rate of US$1.000 to
HK$7.8491, representing approximately 10.14% of the Offer Shares and approximately 0.87% of the
Shares in issue immediately upon completion of the Global Offering, assuming the Over-allotment
Option is not exercised and no Shares are issued under the Equity Plans.

Assuming the Offer Price of HK$103.00 (being the mid-point of the Offer Price range set out in
this Prospectus), the total aggregate number of Shares to be subscribed for by the Baker Bros. Entities
will be 6,096,300 Shares (rounded down to the nearest whole board lot and calculated based on the
conversion of the investment amount made in US$ being converted at
the rate of US$1.000 to
HK$7.8491, representing approximately 9.29% of the Offer Shares and approximately 0.79% of the
Shares in issue immediately upon completion of the Global Offering, assuming the Over-allotment
Option is not exercised and no Shares are issued under the Equity Plans.

— 317 —

