BUSINESS

CMOs

We outsource to a limited number of external contract manufacturers the production of some drug
substances and drug products, and we expect to continue to do so to meet the preclinical, clinical and
potential commercial
requirements of our drugs and drug candidates. By outsourcing our
manufacturing activities, we can increase our focus on core areas of competence such as drug
candidate development, commercialization and research. We have adopted procedures to ensure that
the production qualifications, facilities and processes of our third-party outsourced suppliers comply
with the relevant regulatory requirements and our internal guidelines. We select our third-party
suppliers carefully by taking into account a number of factors, including their qualifications, relevant
expertise, production capacity, geographic proximity,
track record, product quality,
reliability in meeting delivery schedules, and terms offered by such third-party outsourced suppliers.
As of the Latest Practicable Date, we had engaged approximately 30 outsourced suppliers, who are
Independent Third Parties and most of them had established business relationships with us for more
than three years.

reputation,

We have framework agreements with most of our external service providers, under which they
generally provide services to us on a short-term and project-by-project basis. For example, we have
an agreement with a contract manufacturer for clinical supply of zanubrutinib and expect to enter into
a commercial supply agreement for zanubrutinib in the future. In addition, in January 2018, we entered
into a commercial supply agreement with Boehringer Ingelheim Biopharmaceuticals (China) Ltd., or
Boehringer Ingelheim, for our investigational anti-PD-1 antibody therapy, tislelizumab, which will be
manufactured at Boehringer Ingelheim’s facility in Shanghai, China as part of a MAH trial project
pioneered by us and Boehringer Ingelheim. We believe the MAH status will be maintained after the
expiration of the MAH pilot program in November 2018, based on confirmation from the relevant
governmental authority, and therefore we believe that the expiration of the MAH pilot program will
not impact our drug candidates. Under the terms of the commercial supply agreement, Boehringer
Ingelheim will manufacture tislelizumab in China under an exclusive multi-year arrangement, with
contract extension possible. In addition, we also obtained certain preferred rights for future capacity
expansion by Boehringer Ingelheim in China. For our commercial products licensed from Celgene, we
rely on Celgene and its contract manufacturers outside of China for the supply of these drugs.

Agreements with outsourced suppliers generally set out

including product quality or
service details, technical standards or methods, delivery terms, agreed price and payment, and product
inspection and acceptance criteria. We are general allowed to return any products that fail to meet our
quality standards. Our outsourced suppliers procure raw materials themselves. Typically, outsourced
suppliers request settlement of payment within 30 days from the date of invoice. Either party may
terminate the agreements by serving notice to the other party under certain circumstances.

terms,

Sales and Marketing

As of the Latest Practicable Date, we had no internally-developed products approved for
commercial sale. In connection with our strategic collaboration with Celgene, we were granted an
exclusive license in China, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, to commercialize Celgene’s
approved cancer therapies, ABRAXANE威, REVLIMID威 and VIDAZA威, and Celgene’s investigational

— 250 —

