DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

the

reimbursed (collectively,

time; (iii) unpaid annual bonus from the previous calendar year; and (iv) any business expenses
incurred, documented and substantiated but not yet
“Final
Compensation”). If Mr. Oyler’s employment is terminated by us other than for “cause” (as defined in
his employment agreements) or if Mr. Oyler terminates his employment for “good reason” (as defined
in his employment agreements), Mr. Oyler is entitled to (i) the Final Compensation, (ii) a lump sum
equal to the base salary divided by 12, then multiplied by the Severance Period (as defined below),
(iii) the post-termination bonus calculated based on the target bonus for the year and the number of
days passed through the date of termination, (iv) a US$20,000 one-time bonus and (v) acceleration of
the vesting schedule of his equity grants by 20 months. The “Severance Period” is 20 months; provided
that if Mr. Oyler’s employment is terminated without cause or for good reason during the initial
three-year term, the Severance Period will be the greater of 20 months or the number of the months
remaining in the initial three-year term; provided further that if Mr. Oyler’s employment terminates
during the 12-month period following a “change in control” (as defined in his employment
agreements), then the Severance Period will be 24 months. His employment agreement provides that
all unvested equity awards will immediately vest upon a “change in control.” Mr. Oyler’s employment
agreements also prohibit Mr. Oyler from engaging in certain competitive and solicitation activities
during his employment and for 18 months after the termination of his employment.

Dr. Howard Liang, Ph.D. and our Company entered into an employment agreement on July 13,
2015 for the position of Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer. Dr. Liang currently
receives a base salary of US$425,000, which is subject to review and adjustment in accordance with
our Company’s policy. Dr. Liang’s current annual merit bonus target is 50% of his base salary, based
on performance as determined by our compensation committee. Dr. Liang was granted an initial option
to purchase up to 4,900,000 ordinary shares, which vests over four years. Dr. Liang’s employment has
no specified term, but can be terminated at will by either party. Dr. Liang’s employment may be
terminated by us without “cause” (as defined in his employment agreement), and if so he would
receive his base salary and health and dental insurance payments during a nine-month severance
period and other benefits including acceleration of the vesting schedule of his initial option grant by
six months, unless Dr. Liang breaches his confidentiality obligations. Dr. Liang may terminate his
employment with “good reason” (as defined in his employment agreement) upon 30 days’ written
notice received within 60 days of the occurrence of the event. If we do not cure the action identified
in Dr. Liang’s notice, he is entitled to the same benefits as if we terminated his employment without
cause, subject to his execution of a release of claims and unless he breaches his confidentiality
obligations. We may also terminate Dr. Liang’s employment for cause, in certain cases upon 30 days’
written notice, and Dr. Liang may also terminate his employment without good reason upon 90 days’
written notice, in either case, in which he would then only be entitled to receive certain accrued
obligations. In the event of a “sale event” (as defined in his employment agreement), 100% of Dr.
Liang’s unvested options and other equity awards granted to him during his employment with us will
accelerate and vest in full.

Dr. Amy Peterson, M.D. and our Company entered into an employment agreement on August 8,
2016 for the position of Chief Medical Officer, Immuno-Oncology. Dr. Peterson currently receives a
base salary of US$425,000, which is subject
in accordance with our
Company’s policy. Dr. Peterson’s annual merit bonus target is currently 50% of her base salary, based
on performance as determined by our compensation committee. Dr. Peterson was granted an initial
option to purchase up to 1,600,000 ordinary shares, which vests over four years. In connection with

to review and adjustment

— 329 —

