APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF THE CONSTITUTION OF THE
COMPANY AND CAYMAN COMPANIES LAW

The articles of association may provide that the manner of purchase may be determined by the
directors of the company. At no time may a company redeem or purchase its shares unless they are
fully paid. A company may not redeem or purchase any of its shares if, as a result of the redemption
or purchase, there would no longer be any member of the company holding shares. A payment out of
capital by a company for the redemption or purchase of its own shares is not lawful unless immediately
following the date on which the payment is proposed to be made, the company shall be able to pay
its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business.

There is no statutory restriction in the Cayman Islands on the provision of financial assistance
by a company for the purchase of, or subscription for, its own or its holding company’s shares.
Accordingly, a company may provide financial assistance if the directors of the company consider, in
discharging their duties of care and to act in good faith, for a proper purpose and in the interests of
the company, that such assistance can properly be given. Such assistance should be on an arm’s-length
basis.

Dividends and Distributions

With the exception of section 34 of the Companies Law, there are no statutory provisions relating
to the payment of dividends. Based upon English case law which is likely to be persuasive in the
Cayman Islands in this area, dividends may be paid only out of profits. In addition, section 34 of the
Companies Law permits, subject to a solvency test and the provisions, if any, of the company’s
memorandum and articles of association, the payment of dividends and distributions out of the share
premium account (see the paragraph named ’Share Capital’ above for details).

Protection of Minorities

The Cayman Islands courts can be expected to follow English case law precedents. The rule in
Foss v. Harbottle (and the exceptions thereto which permit a minority shareholder to commence a class
action against or derivative actions in the name of the company to challenge (a) an act which is ultra
vires the company or illegal, (b) an act which constitutes a fraud against the minority where the
wrongdoers are themselves in control of the company, and (c) an action which requires a resolution
with a qualified (or special) majority which has not been obtained) has been applied and followed by
the courts in the Cayman Islands.

In the case of a company (not being a bank) having a share capital divided into shares, the Grand
Court of the Cayman Islands may, on the application of members holding not less than one-fifth of the
shares of the company in issue, appoint an inspector to examine into the affairs of the company and
to report thereon in such manner as the Grand Court shall direct. Any shareholder of a company may
petition the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands which may make a winding up order if the court is
of the opinion that it is just and equitable that the company should be wound up.

Claims against a company by its shareholders must, as a general rule, be based on the general
laws of contract or tort applicable in the Cayman Islands or their individual rights as shareholders as
established by the company’s memorandum and articles of association.

— III-10 —

