WAIVERS FROM COMPLIANCE WITH THE LISTING RULES AND EXEMPTIONS FROM

THE COMPANIES (WINDING UP AND MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS) ORDINANCE

(d) we have retained the services of a compliance adviser, being Somerley Capital Limited (the
“Compliance Adviser”), in accordance with Rule 3A.19 of the Listing Rules. The Joint
Sponsors submit, on behalf of our Company, that the Compliance Adviser will serve as an
additional channel of communication with the Stock Exchange in addition to the authorised
representatives of our Company. The Compliance Adviser will provide our Company with
professional advice on ongoing compliance with the Listing Rules. We will ensure that the
Compliance Adviser has prompt access to our Company’s authorised representatives and
Directors who will provide to the Compliance Adviser such information and assistance as
the Compliance Adviser may need or may reasonably request
in connection with the
performance of the Compliance Adviser’s duties. The Compliance Adviser will also provide
advice in compliance with Rule 3A.23 of the Listing Rules; and

(e) meetings between the Stock Exchange and the Directors could be arranged through the
authorised representatives or the Compliance Adviser, or directly with the Directors within
inform the Stock Exchange as soon as
a reasonable time frame. Our Company will
practicable in respect of any change in the authorised representatives and/or
the
Compliance Adviser in accordance with the Listing Rules.

DEALINGS IN SECURITIES BY CORE CONNECTED PERSONS DURING A LISTING
APPLICATION PROCESS

Rule 9.09 of the Listing Rules provides that there must be no dealing in the securities for which
listing is sought by any core connected person of the issuer, in the case of a new applicant, from four
clear Business Days before the expected hearing date until listing is granted (the “Relevant Period”).
Our Company, being a company whose ADSs are widely held, publicly traded and listed on the Nasdaq
is not in a position to control the investment decisions of our shareholders or the investing public in
the US. To the best knowledge of our Directors after making all reasonable enquiries, other than Baker
Bros. Advisors LP and Hillhouse Capital Management, Ltd. and parties affiliated with them (the
“Existing Shareholders”), there are no shareholders who held more than 10% of the total issued share
capital of our Company as at the Latest Practicable Date. Further, other than Mr. John V. Oyler and
Dr. Xiaodong Wang, there is no director who held more than 1% of the total issued share capital of
our Company as at the Latest Practicable Date.

Our Company has applied to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange for, and the Stock Exchange has
granted, a waiver from strict compliance with the requirements of Rule 9.09 of the Listing Rules
subject to the following conditions:

(a) we shall promptly release any inside information to the public in accordance with the

relevant laws and regulations in the US and Hong Kong;

(b) we shall procure that none of our existing core connected persons, other than the Existing
Shareholders, deals in our Shares during the Relevant Period. For the avoidance of doubt,
such dealing in our Shares shall not include the vesting of options and restricted share units
granted under our Equity Plans and the options and restricted share units granted by the
Company outside our Equity Plans;

— 111 —

