SUMMARY

Our Directors confirm that

financial,
operational or trading positions or prospects since March 31, 2018, being the date of our Combined
Financial Statements as set out in the Accountants’ Report included in Appendix I, and up to the date
of this prospectus.

there has been no material adverse change in our

We expect

to incur significant expenses and operating losses in 2018 and may continue to
experience losses in the future, as we further our pre-clinical research and development efforts,
continue the clinical development of, and seek regulatory approval for, our drug candidates, incur
other expenses associated with the preparation of
to regulatory approval,
commercialization of our pipeline products, and add personnel necessary to operate as a
fully-integrated biopharmaceutical company with an advanced clinical candidate pipeline of products.
Subsequent to the Listing we also expect to incur incremental costs associated with operating as a
public company in both the United States and Hong Kong. We expect that our financial performance
will fluctuate quarterly and yearly due to the status of the development of our drug candidates, our
efforts to obtain regulatory approval and commercialize our drug candidates.

launch and, subject

We expect to incur capital expenditures of approximately US$170 million in 2018 and 2019, to
be paid out of existing cash and short-term investments, in connection with the construction of our
biologics manufacturing facility in Guangzhou, China.

We expect our cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments balance as
of June 30, 2018 to decrease by approximately 5.0% to 5.8% from March 31, 2018, after giving effect
to approximately US$42 million of proceeds from the draw down of a bank loan by BeiGene
Guangzhou Factory for the continued construction of our biologics manufacturing facility. We expect
our product revenue for the three months ended June 30, 2018 to increase by approximately 33% to
38% from the three months ended March 31, 2018.

The estimated results described above are preliminary because our financial closing procedures
for the three and six months ended June 30, 2018 are not yet complete and, as a result, final results
upon completion of our closing procedures may vary from our preliminary estimates. Our auditors
have not yet completed their review of our results for the three and six months ended June 30, 2018.
The estimates were prepared by our management, based upon a number of assumptions, in connection
with preparation of our financial statements and completion of the interim period review. Additional
items that would require material adjustments to the preliminary financial
information may be
identified. Estimates of results are inherently uncertain and subject to change, and we undertake no
obligation to update this information. See “Financial Information—Critical Accounting Policies,”
“Risk Factors” and “Forward-Looking Statements.”

GLOBAL OFFERING

This prospectus is published in connection with the Hong Kong Public Offering as part of the

Global Offering. The Global Offering comprises:

(i)

the Hong Kong Public Offering of 5,904,000 Offer Shares (subject to adjustment) in Hong
Kong as described in the section headed “Structure of the Global Offering — The Hong
Kong Public Offering” in this prospectus; and

— 16 —

