REGULATIONS

Orphan Drugs

Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan drug designation to drugs, including
biologics, intended to treat a rare disease or condition—generally a disease or condition that affects
fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States or that affects more than 200,000 individuals in
the United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation that costs of research and
development of the product for the indication can be recovered by sales of the product in the United
States. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting an NDA or BLA.

After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the generic identity of the drug or biologic and
its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan drug designation does not convey
any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. The first
NDA or BLA applicant to receive FDA approval for a particular active ingredient to treat a particular
disease or condition with FDA orphan drug designation is entitled to a seven-year exclusive marketing
period in the United States for that product, for that indication. Among the other benefits of orphan
drug designation are tax credits for certain research and a waiver of the NDA or BLA application user
fee.

During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the
same drug for the same disease or condition, except in limited circumstances, such as if the second
applicant demonstrates the clinical superiority of its product
to the product with orphan drug
exclusivity through a demonstration of superior safety, superior efficacy, or a major contribution to
patient care. “Same drug” means a drug that contains the same active moiety if it is a drug composed
of small molecules, or
is composed of
macromolecules and is intended for the same use as a previously approved drug, except that if the
subsequent drug can be shown to be clinically superior to the first drug, it will not be considered to
be the same drug. Orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent the FDA from approving a different drug
for the same disease or condition, or the same drug for a different disease or condition.

the same principal molecular structural

features if

it

Disclosure of Clinical Trial Information

Sponsors of clinical

trials of FDA-regulated products,

including drugs and biologics, are
required to register and disclose certain clinical trial information, which is publicly available at
www.clinicaltrials.gov. Information related to the product, patient population, phase of investigation,
study sites and investigators, and other aspects of the clinical trial is then made public as part of the
registration. Sponsors are also obligated to disclose the results of their clinical trials after completion.
Disclosure of the results of these trials can be delayed until the new product or new indication being
studied has been approved. Competitors may use this publicly available information to gain
knowledge regarding the progress of development programs.

Pharmaceutical Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement

In the United States, sales of any products for which we may receive regulatory approval for
commercial sale will depend in part on the availability of coverage and reimbursement
from
third-party payors, including government authorities, managed care providers, private health insurers
and other organizations. The process for determining whether a payor will provide coverage for a

— 174 —

