RISK FACTORS

There can be no assurance that we will be able to further develop and successfully maintain
in-house sales and commercial distribution capabilities or establish or maintain relationships with
third-party collaborators to successfully commercialize any product, and as a result, we may not be
able to generate product sales revenue.

We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing or
commercializing competing drugs before or more successfully than we do.

The development and commercialization of new drugs

is highly competitive. We face
competition from major pharmaceutical companies,
specialty pharmaceutical companies and
biotechnology companies worldwide. There are a number of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies that currently market and sell drugs or are pursuing the development of drugs for the
treatment of cancer for which we are commercializing our drugs or developing our drug candidates.
Potential competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies and other public and
private research organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative
arrangements for research, development, manufacturing and commercialization.

Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and
commercialize drugs that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more
convenient or are less expensive than any drugs that we commercialize or may develop. Our
competitors also may obtain approval from the FDA, CDA, EMA or other comparable regulatory
authorities for their drugs more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in
our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market and or
slow our regulatory approval.

testing, conducting clinical

Many of the companies against which we are competing or against which we may compete in the
future have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development,
manufacturing, preclinical
trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and
marketing approved drugs than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and
biotechnology industries may result
in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller
number of our competitors. Smaller and other early-stage companies may also prove to be significant
competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies.
These third parties compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management
personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in
acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs.

The market opportunities for our drugs and drug candidates may be limited to those patients
who are ineligible for or have failed prior treatments and may be small.

In markets with approved therapies, we expect to initially seek approval of our drug candidates
as a later stage therapy for patients who have failed other approved treatments. Subsequently, for those
drugs that prove to be sufficiently beneficial, if any, we would expect to seek approval as a second
line therapy and potentially as a first line therapy, but there is no guarantee that our drug candidates,
even if approved, would be approved for second line or first line therapy.

— 57 —

