RISK FACTORS

may also discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company, which could have the dual
effect of depriving our shareholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their shares as part
of a sale of our company and reducing the price of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs. These actions
may be taken even if they are opposed by our other shareholders. In addition, these persons could
divert business opportunities away from us to themselves or others.

As the public offering price is substantially higher than our net tangible book value per
ordinary share, you will incur immediate and substantial dilution.

If you purchase ordinary shares in the Global Offering, you will pay more for your ordinary
shares than the amount paid by existing holders for their ordinary shares or ADSs on a per ordinary
share basis. As a result, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution after giving effect to
the Global Offering. In addition, you will experience further dilution to the extent that our ordinary
shares are issued upon the exercise of share options or vesting of restricted share units. All of the
ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of currently outstanding share options will be issued at a
purchase price on a per ordinary share basis that is less than the public offering price per ordinary
share in the Global Offering.

There can be no assurance of the accuracy or completeness of certain facts, forecasts and other
statistics obtained from various independent third-party sources, including the industry expert
reports, contained in this prospectus.

This prospectus, particularly the sections headed “Business” and “Industry Overview,” contains
information and statistics relating to the global and China oncology drug markets. Such information
and statistics have been derived from a third-party report commissioned by us and publicly available
sources. We believe that the sources of the information are appropriate sources for such information,
and we have taken reasonable care in extracting and reproducing such information. However, we
cannot guarantee the quality or reliability of such source materials. The information has not been
independently verified by us,
the Joint
Bookrunners, the Joint Lead Managers, or any other party involved in the Global Offering, and no
representation is given as to its accuracy. Collection methods of such information may be flawed or
ineffective, or there may be discrepancies between published information and market practice, which
may result in the statistics included in this prospectus being inaccurate or not comparable to statistics
produced for other economies. You should therefore not place undue reliance on such information. In
addition, we cannot assure you that such information is stated or compiled on the same basis or with
the same degree of accuracy as similar statistics presented elsewhere. You should consider carefully
the importance placed on such information or statistics.

the Joint Global Coordinators,

the Joint Sponsors,

You should read the entire document carefully and should not rely on any information contained
in press articles or other media regarding us and the Global Offering. We strongly caution you not to
rely on any information contained in press articles or other media regarding us and the Global
Offering. Prior to the publication of this prospectus,
there has been press and media coverage
regarding us and the Global Offering. Such press and media coverage may include references to
certain information that does not appear in this prospectus, including certain operating and financial
information and projections, valuations and other information. We have not authorized the disclosure
of any such information in the press or media and do not accept any responsibility for any such press

— 108 —

