RISK FACTORS

We may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to
fund any cash and financing requirements we may have, and any limitation on the ability of our
PRC subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material and adverse effect on our
ability to conduct our business.

We are a holding company incorporated in the Cayman Islands, and we may rely on dividends
and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries for our cash and financing
requirements, including the funds necessary to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our
shareholders or to service any debt we may incur. If any of our PRC subsidiaries incur debt on its own
behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends or
make other distributions to us. Under PRC laws and regulations, our PRC subsidiaries may pay
dividends only out of their respective accumulated profits as determined in accordance with PRC
accounting standards and regulations. In addition, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise is required to set
aside at least 10% of its accumulated after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a certain statutory
reserve fund, until the aggregate amount of such fund reaches 50% of its registered capital. Such
reserve funds cannot be distributed to us as dividends. At its discretion, a wholly foreign-owned
enterprise may allocate a portion of its after-tax profits based on PRC accounting standards to an
enterprise expansion fund, or a staff welfare and bonus fund. In addition, registered share capital and
capital reserve accounts are also restricted from withdrawal in the PRC, up to the amount of net assets
held in each operating subsidiary. As of December 31, 2017 and March 31, 2018, these restricted
assets totaled US$39.9 million and US$37.0 million, respectively.

Our PRC subsidiaries generate primarily all of their revenue in RMB, which is not freely
convertible into other currencies. As a result, any restriction on currency exchange may limit the
ability of our PRC subsidiaries to use their RMB revenues to pay dividends to us.

In response to the persistent capital outflow in the PRC and RMB’s depreciation against U.S.
dollar, in the fourth quarter of 2016, People’s Bank of China, or PBOC, and the SAFE promulgated
a series of capital control measures, including stricter vetting procedures for domestic companies to
remit
loan
repayments.

investments, dividends payments and shareholder

foreign currency for overseas

The PRC government may continue to strengthen its capital controls, and more restrictions and
substantial vetting process may be put forward by the SAFE for cross-border transactions falling under
both the current account and the capital account. Any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries
to pay dividends or make other kinds of payments to us could materially and adversely limit our ability
to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our business, pay dividends, or
otherwise fund and conduct our business.

The Enterprise Income Tax Law (《企業所得稅法》), or the EIT Law, and its implementation rules
provide that China-sourced income of foreign enterprises, such as dividends paid by a PRC subsidiary
to its equity holders that are non-PRC resident enterprises, will normally be subject
to PRC
withholding tax at a rate of 10%, unless any such foreign investor’s jurisdiction of incorporation has
a tax treaty with China that provides for a different withholding arrangement. As a result, dividends
paid to us by our PRC subsidiaries are expected to be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of 10%.

— 94 —

