INFORMATION ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS AND THE GLOBAL OFFERING

See the section headed “Underwriting” in this prospectus for further information about

the

Underwriters and the underwriting arrangements.

PROCEDURES FOR APPLICATION FOR HONG KONG OFFER SHARES

The application procedures for the Hong Kong Offer Shares are set forth in “How to Apply for

Hong Kong Offer Shares” in this prospectus and on the relevant Application Forms.

STRUCTURE AND CONDITIONS OF THE GLOBAL OFFERING

Details of the structure of the Global Offering, including its conditions, are set forth in the

section headed “Structure of the Global Offering” in this prospectus.

Downward Offer Price Adjustment

We have reserved the right to make a Downward Offer Price Adjustment to provide flexibility
in pricing the Offer Shares. The ability to make a Downward Offer Price Adjustment does not affect
our obligation to issue a supplemental prospectus and to offer investors a right to withdraw their
applications if there is a material change in circumstances not disclosed in the prospectus.

If it is intended to set the final Offer Price at more than 10% below the bottom end of the
indicative Offer Price range, the Withdrawal Mechanism will be applied if the Global Offering is to
proceed.

SELLING RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS AND SALE OF SHARES

Each person acquiring the Hong Kong Offer Shares under the Hong Kong Public Offering will
be required to, or be deemed by his/her acquisition of Offer Shares to, confirm that he/she is aware
of the restrictions on offers for the Offer Shares described in this prospectus and on the relevant
Application Forms.

No action has been taken to permit a public offering of the Offer Shares in any jurisdiction other
than in Hong Kong, or the distribution of this prospectus and/or the Application Forms in any
jurisdiction other than Hong Kong. Accordingly, this prospectus may not be used for the purpose of,
and does not constitute an offer or invitation in any jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which such
an offer or invitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer
or invitation. The distribution of this prospectus and the offering and sale of the Offer Shares in other
jurisdictions are subject to restrictions and may not be made except as permitted under the applicable
securities laws of such jurisdictions pursuant to registration with or authorisation by the relevant
securities regulatory authorities or an exemption therefrom.

APPLICATION FOR LISTING ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE

We have applied to the Listing Committee for the listing of, and permission to deal in, the Shares
in issue and to be issued pursuant to the Global Offering (including the Shares which may be issued
pursuant to the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option and Shares which may be issued pursuant to
the Equity Plans).

— 132 —

