WAIVERS FROM COMPLIANCE WITH THE LISTING RULES AND EXEMPTIONS FROM

THE COMPANIES (WINDING UP AND MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS) ORDINANCE

held by Company Y that may be used by the Company for the expansion of its business operations in
the PRC. To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information and belief, having made all reasonable
enquiries, Company Y and its ultimate beneficial owners are third parties independent from the
Company and its connected persons.

The Directors believe that the terms of the Proposed Acquisition 2 are fair and reasonable and
in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole. To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information
and belief, having made all reasonable enquiries, Company Y and its ultimate beneficial owners are
third parties independent from the Company and its connected persons.

Conditions to the waivers granted by the Stock Exchange

We have applied to the Stock Exchange for, and the Stock Exchange has agreed to grant, a waiver
from strict compliance with Rule 4.04(2) and 4.04(4) of the Listing Rules in respect of the acquisition
of Company X and Company Y on the following grounds:

1.

The percentage ratios of the Proposed Acquisition 1 and the Proposed Acquisition 2 are
all less than 5% by reference to the most recent financial year of the Company’s Track
Record Period

The applicable percentage ratios for the Proposed Acquisition 1 and the Proposed Acquisition 2
are all significantly less than 5% by reference to the most recent financial year of the Company’s Track
Record Period.

Accordingly, we consider that the Proposed Acquisition 1 and the Proposed Acquisition 2 are
immaterial and does not expect them to have any material effect on the business, financial condition
or operations of the Group.

2.

The historical financial information of Company X or Company Y is not available or
would be unduly burdensome to obtain or prepare

We do not currently have any equity interest in Company X or Company Y and does not have any
representation at the board of directors of Company X or Company Y and is therefore unable to compel
Company X or Company Y to disclose its historical
information in the Company’s
prospectus. In addition, it will require considerable time and resources for the Company and its
reporting accountant to fully familiarize with the management accounting policies of Company X or
Company Y and compile the necessary financial information and supporting documents for disclosure
in the listing document of the Company. As such, it would be impracticable within the tight timeframe
for the Company to disclose the audited financial information of Company X or Company Y as
required under Rules 4.04(2) and 4.04(4) of the Listing Rules.

financial

— 129 —

