RISK FACTORS

•

•

shortages of qualified personnel, raw materials or key contractors; and

ongoing compliance with cGMP regulations and other requirements of the FDA, CDA,
EMA or other comparable regulatory agencies.

Failure to comply with applicable regulations could also result in sanctions being imposed on us,
including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, a requirement to suspend or put on hold one or more of
our clinical trials, failure of regulatory authorities to grant marketing approval of our drug candidates,
delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, supply disruptions, license revocation, seizures or
recalls of drug candidates or drugs, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which
could harm our business.

Developing advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls is required to fully utilize
facilities and equipment
facilities. Advances in manufacturing techniques may render our

our
inadequate or obsolete.

To produce our drugs in the quantities that we believe will be required to meet anticipated market
demand of our drug candidates if approved, we will need to increase, or “scale up,” the production
process by a significant factor over the initial level of production. If we are unable to do so, are
delayed, or if the cost of this scale up is not economically feasible for us or we cannot find a
third-party supplier, we may not be able to produce our drugs in a sufficient quantity to meet future
demand.

In addition to the similar manufacturing risks described in “—Risks Related to Our Reliance on
Third Parties,” if our manufacturing facilities or the equipment in them is damaged or destroyed, we
may not be able to quickly or inexpensively replace our manufacturing capacity or replace it at all.
In the event of a temporary or protracted loss of the facilities or equipment, we might not be able to
transfer manufacturing to a third party. Even if we could transfer manufacturing to a third party, the
shift would likely be expensive and time-consuming, particularly since the new facility would need
to comply with the necessary regulatory requirements and we would need regulatory agency approval
before selling any drugs manufactured at that facility. Such an event could delay our clinical trials or
reduce our product sales if and when we are able to successfully commercialize one or more of our
drug candidates. Any interruption in manufacturing operations at our manufacturing facilities could
result in our inability to satisfy the demands of our clinical trials or commercialization. Any disruption
that
impedes our ability to manufacture our drug candidates or drugs in a timely manner could
materially harm our business, financial condition and operating results.

Currently, we maintain insurance coverage against damage to our property and equipment in
amounts we believe are reasonable. However, our insurance coverage may not reimburse us, or may
not be sufficient to reimburse us, for any expenses or losses we may suffer. We may be unable to meet
our requirements for our drug candidates and drugs if there were a catastrophic event or failure of our
manufacturing facilities or processes.

— 90 —

