REGULATIONS

Under current regulations,

the capital of a foreign-invested enterprise and capital

in RMB
obtained by the foreign-invested enterprise from foreign exchange settlement must not be used for the
following purposes: directly or indirectly used for the payment beyond the business scope of the
enterprises or the payment prohibited by relevant laws and regulations; directly or indirectly used for
investment in securities, unless otherwise provided by relevant laws and regulations; extending loans
to non-related parties, unless permitted by the scope of business; and/or paying the expenses related
to the purchase of real estate that is not for self-use, except for the real estate enterprises.

In 2017, new regulations were adopted which, among other things, relax the policy restriction on
foreign exchange inflow to further enhance trade and investment facilitation and tighten genuineness
and compliance verification of cross-border transactions and cross-border capital flows.

Regulations Relating to Dividend Distribution

these requirements,

The principal laws, rules and regulations governing dividend distribution by foreign-invested
enterprises in the PRC are the PRC Company Law, as amended, the Wholly Foreign-owned Enterprise
implementation regulations, and the Sino-foreign Joint Venture Law and its
Law and its
foreign-invested enterprises may pay
implementation regulations. Under
dividends only out of their accumulated profit,
if any, as determined in accordance with PRC
accounting standards and regulations. Both PRC domestic companies and wholly-foreign owned PRC
enterprises are required to allocate at least 10% of their respective accumulated after-tax profits each
year, if any, to fund certain capital reserve funds until the aggregate amount of these reserve funds
have reached 50% of the registered capital of the enterprises. A PRC company is not permitted to
distribute any profits until any losses from prior fiscal years have been offset. Profits retained from
prior fiscal years may be distributed together with distributable profits from the current fiscal year.

Labor Laws and Social Insurance

Pursuant to the PRC Labor Law and the PRC Labor Contract Law, employers must execute
written labor contracts with full-time employees. All employers must comply with local minimum
wage standards. Employers must establish a comprehensive management system to protect the rights
of their employees, including a system governing occupational health and safety to provide employees
with occupational training to prevent occupational injury, and employers are required to truthfully
inform prospective employees of the job description, working conditions,
location, occupational
hazards and status of safe production as well as remuneration and other conditions. Violations of the
PRC Labor Contract Law and the PRC Labor Law may result in the imposition of fines and other
administrative and criminal liability in the case of serious violations.

In addition, according to the PRC Social Insurance Law, employers like our PRC subsidiaries in
China must provide employees with welfare schemes covering pension insurance, unemployment
insurance, maternity insurance, work-related injury insurance, medical insurance and housing funds.

— 188 —

