SUMMARY

We have strong internal capabilities spanning research, clinical development, manufacturing and
commercialization. We have advanced six internally-developed candidates into clinical
trials,
including three into pivotal trials. With more than 500 clinical development personnel in China, the
United States, Australia and Switzerland as of July 20, 2018, we have built
internal clinical
development capabilities globally which we believe provide a competitive advantage over other
biotechnology companies in China. We have an 11,000-square meter facility in Suzhou for the
manufacture of small molecule drugs at commercial scale and biologics drugs at pilot scale. We are
also currently building a 24,000-liter
commercial-scale biologics manufacturing factory in
Guangzhou. We also have a growing commercial team in China, which provides us with the initial
commercial platform for the planned launches of our internally-developed drug candidates as well as
current and potentially future in-licensed drug candidates.

We have formed collaborations with other biotechnology companies aiming to capture
opportunities in China and the broader Asia-Pacific region by leveraging our global clinical
development capabilities and China commercial capabilities, as evidenced by our collaborations with
Celgene and Mirati.

We believe we are well-positioned to capture the significant market opportunities in China,
including those created by recent regulatory reforms and new reimbursement policies in China. China
is the second largest pharmaceutical market in the world based on revenue, and the oncology sector
grew at a 13.7% compound annual growth rate, or CAGR, from 2013 to 2017, according to a report
prepared by Frost & Sullivan for the Global Offering, or the Frost and Sullivan Report. We believe
that
there is a large and growing opportunity for novel cancer therapeutics in China based on
significant unmet medical need, a large target patient population, expanding reimbursement coverage,
and increasing treatment affordability and willingness to pay. In addition, the CDA has undertaken
significant regulatory reforms that are designed to accelerate the development of new innovative drugs
and allow China to be an integral part of global drug development. In addition, innovative oncology
drugs have been included in the most recent national drug reimbursement list, or NDRL, reducing
out-of-pocket expenses for patients. We believe that access to the large number of patients in China
during clinical development as well as commercialization creates new opportunities for us. Leveraging
our strong China presence and commitment to global standards of innovation and quality, we believe
we have a unique ability to take advantage of these opportunities.

OUR STRENGTHS

We believe the following strengths have contributed to our success and differentiate us from our

competitors:

•

•

•

•

Fully-integrated biotechnology company with broad capabilities in China and globally;

Two late-stage clinical drug candidates with significant commercial potential;

Robust pipeline of internally-developed and in-licensed product candidates; and

Experienced management team with diverse backgrounds and skill sets.

— 3 —

