STRUCTURE OF THE GLOBAL OFFERING

Public Offering, to require the Company to issue up to an aggregate of 9,840,000 additional Shares,
representing not more than 15% of the total number of Offer Shares initially available under the
Global Offering, at the Offer Price under the International Placing to cover over-allocations in the
International Placing, if any.

If the Over-allotment Option is exercised in full,

the additional Offer Shares to be issued
pursuant
the total Shares in issue immediately
following the completion of the Global Offering. If the Over-allotment Option is exercised, an
announcement will be made.

represent approximately 1.27% of

thereto will

STABILIZATION

Stabilization is a practice used by underwriters in some markets to facilitate the distribution of
securities. To stabilize, the underwriters may bid for, or purchase, the securities in the secondary
market during a specified period of time, to retard and, if possible, prevent a decline in the initial
public market price of the securities below the offer price. Such transactions may be effected in all
jurisdictions where it is permissible to do so, in each case in compliance with all applicable laws and
regulatory requirements,
the price at which
stabilization is effected is not permitted to exceed the offer price.

including those of Hong Kong.

In Hong Kong,

In connection with the Global Offering, the Stabilizing Manager (or any person acting for it), on
behalf of the Underwriters, may over-allocate or effect transactions with a view to stabilizing or
supporting the market price of the Shares at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail for
a limited period after the Listing Date. However, there is no obligation on the Stabilizing Manager (or
any person acting for it) to conduct any such stabilizing action. Such stabilizing action, if taken, (a)
will be conducted at the absolute discretion of the Stabilizing Manager (or any person acting for it)
and in what the Stabilizing Manager reasonably regards as the best interest of the Company, (b) may
be discontinued at any time and (c) is required to be brought to an end within 30 days of the last day
for lodging applications under the Hong Kong Public Offering.

In addtion, stabilization transactions with respect to the ADSs may be effected by one of the
Underwriters or its affiliates before and after the listing of the Shares on the Stock Exchange in
accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

STRUCTURE OF THE GLOBAL OFFERING

Stabilization action permitted in Hong Kong pursuant

to the Securities and Futures (Price
Stabilizing) Rules of the SFO includes (a) over-allocating for the purpose of preventing or minimizing
any reduction in the market price of the Shares, (b) selling or agreeing to sell the Shares so as to
establish a short position in them for the purpose of preventing or minimizing any reduction in the
market price of the Shares, (c) purchasing, or agreeing to purchase,
to the
Over-allotment Option in order to close out any position established under paragraph (a) or (b) above,
(d) purchasing, or agreeing to purchase, any of the Shares for the sole purpose of preventing or
minimizing any reduction in the market price of the Shares, (e) selling or agreeing to sell any Shares
in order to liquidate any position established as a result of those purchases and (f) offering or
attempting to do anything as described in paragraph (b), (c), (d) or (e) above.

the Shares pursuant

— 357 —

