RISK FACTORS

It

involve substantial costs.

applicable healthcare laws and regulations will
is possible that
governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or
future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws
and regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending
ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business,
including the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement,
monetary fines, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal
healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings,
and curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our
business and our results of operations. In addition, the approval and commercialization of any of our
drug candidates outside the United States will also likely subject us to non-U.S. equivalents of the
healthcare laws mentioned above, among other non-U.S. laws.

If any of the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we expect to do business are
found to be not
to criminal, civil or
administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs, which
may also adversely affect our business.

in compliance with applicable laws,

they may be subject

We may explore the licensing of commercialization rights or other forms of collaboration
worldwide, which will expose us to additional risks of conducting business in additional
international markets.

Non-U.S. markets are an important component of our growth strategy. For example,

in
connection with the Celgene transactions, we retained exclusive rights for the development and
commercialization of tislelizumab for hematological cancers globally and for solid tumors in China
and the rest of Asia, other than Japan. We initially intend to focus on opportunities in China, in
particular. If we fail to obtain licenses or enter into collaboration arrangements with third parties in
other markets, or if these parties are not successful, our revenue-generating growth potential will be
adversely affected. Moreover, international business relationships subject us to additional risks that
may materially adversely affect our ability to attain or sustain profitable operations, including:

•

•

•

•

•

efforts to enter into collaboration or licensing arrangements with third parties in connection
with our international sales, marketing and distribution efforts may increase our expenses
or divert our management’s attention from the acquisition or development of drug
candidates;

difficulty of effective enforcement of contractual provisions in local jurisdictions;

potential third-party patent rights or potentially reduced protection for intellectual property
rights;

unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers and regulatory requirements;

economic weakness, including inflation;

— 59 —

