RISK FACTORS

The value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected
by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions and the foreign exchange policy
proposed or adopted by the PRC, Australia and other non-U.S. governments. It is difficult to predict
how market forces or PRC, Australia, other non-U.S. governments and U.S. government policies may
impact the exchange rate of RMB and the U.S. dollar or any other currencies in the future. There
remains significant international pressure on the PRC government to adopt a more flexible currency
policy, including from the U.S. government, which has threatened to label China as a “currency
manipulator,” which could result in greater fluctuation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar.

Substantially all of our revenues are denominated in U.S. dollars and RMB, and our costs are
denominated in U.S. dollars, Australian dollars and RMB, and a large portion of our financial assets
and a significant portion of our debt
is denominated in U.S. dollars and RMB. Any significant
revaluation of the RMB may materially reduce any dividends payable on our ordinary shares and/or
ADSs in U.S. dollars. To the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into RMB for our operations,
appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the RMB amount we
would receive. Conversely, if we decide to convert RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose of making
payments for dividends on our ADSs or for other business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar
against the RMB would have a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount we would receive.

The proceeds from the Global Offering will be received in Hong Kong dollars. As a result, any
appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar, the Hong Kong dollar or any other foreign currencies
may result in the decrease in the value of our proceeds from the Global Offering. Conversely, any
depreciation of the RMB may adversely affect the value of, and any dividends payable on, our ordinary
shares and/or ADSs in foreign currency. In addition, there are limited instruments available for us to
reduce our foreign currency risk exposure at reasonable costs. Furthermore, we are also currently
required to obtain the SAFE’s approval before converting significant sums of foreign currencies into
RMB. All of these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects, and could reduce the value of, and dividends payable on, our
ordinary shares and/or ADSs in foreign currency terms.

Our business, profitability and liquidity may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit
quality of, or defaults by, our distributors and customers, and an impairment in the carrying
value of our short-term investments could negatively affect our consolidated results of
operations.

We are exposed to the risk that our distributors and customers may default on their obligations
to us as a result of bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. As we continue
to expand our business, the amount and duration of our credit exposure will be expected to increase
over the next few years, as will the breadth of the entities to which we have credit exposure. Although
we regularly review our credit exposure to specific distributors and customers that we believe may
present credit concerns, default risks may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to
detect or foresee.

— 64 —

