INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

REPORT COMMISSIONED BY FROST AND SULLIVAN

In connection with the Global Offering, we have engaged Frost & Sullivan to conduct a detailed
analysis and to prepare an industry report on the worldwide and China oncology drug markets. Frost
& Sullivan is an independent global market research and consulting company founded in 1961 and is
based in the United States. Services provided by Frost & Sullivan include market assessments,
competitive benchmarking, and strategic and market planning for a variety of industries.

We have included certain information from the Frost & Sullivan Report

in this prospectus
because we believe such information facilitates an understanding of the oncology drug market for
potential investors. Frost & Sullivan prepared its report based on its in-house database, independent
third-party reports and publicly available data from reputable industry organizations. Where
necessary, Frost & Sullivan contacts companies operating in the industry to gather and synthesize
information in relation to the market, prices and other relevant information. Frost & Sullivan believes
that the basic assumptions used in preparing the Frost & Sullivan Report, including those used to make
future projections, are factual, correct and not misleading. Frost & Sullivan has independently
analyzed the information, but the accuracy of the conclusions of its review largely relies on the
accuracy of the information collected. Frost & Sullivan research may be affected by the accuracy of
these assumptions and the choice of these primary and secondary sources.

We have agreed to pay Frost & Sullivan a fee of RMB680,000 for the preparation of the Frost
& Sullivan Rreport. The payment of such amount was not contingent upon our successful listing or
on the content of the Frost & Sullivan Report. Except for the Frost & Sullivan Report, we did not
commission any other industry report in connection with the Global Offering. We confirm that after
taking reasonable care, there has been no adverse change in the market information since the date of
the report prepared by Frost & Sullivan which may qualify, contradict or have an impact on the
information set forth in this section in any material respect.

— 165 —

