SUMMARY

Pamiparib (BGB-290), a PARP Inhibitor

Pamiparib is an investigational small molecule inhibitor of poly ADP ribose polymerase PARP1
and PARP2 that is being evaluated as a potential monotherapy and in combinations for the treatment
of various solid tumors. We believe pamiparib has the potential to be differentiated from other PARP
inhibitors because of its potential brain penetration, greater selectivity, strong DNA-trapping activity,
and good oral bioavailability. Pamiparib has demonstrated pharmacological properties such as brain
penetration and PARP-DNA complex trapping in preclinical models.

Competitive Landscape of Our Core Product Candidates

•

•

•

Zanubrutinib. As of July 18, 2018, there were currently two marketed BTK inhibitors in the
and AstraZeneca’s
global oncology drug market,
CALQUENCE威 (acalabrutinib). IMBRUVICA威 was launched in China in November 2017
and it was the only BTK inhibitor marketed in China as of July 18, 2018.

IMBRUVICA威

(ibrutinib)

J&J’s

(nivolumab), as well as

Tislelizumab. A number of PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors have been approved by the FDA,
including two marketed PD-1 antibodies, Merck’s KEYTRUDA威 (pembrolizumab) and
Bristol-Myers Squibb’s OPDIVO威
three marketed PD-L1
antibodies, Roche’s TECENTRIQ威 (atezolizumab), AstraZeneca’s IMFINZI威 (durvalumab)
and Pfizer and Merck Serono’s BAVENCIO威 (avelumab). In China,
there is only one
approved PD-1 antibody agent, Bristol-Myers Squibb’s OPDIVO威 (nivolumab), and there
are no approved PD-L1 antibodies yet. On June 15, 2018, the CDA approved Bristol-Myers
Squibb’s OPDIVO威 (nivolumab)
locally advanced or metastatic
NSCLC after platinum-based chemotherapy in adult patients without EGFR or ALK
genomic tumor aberration. On June 15, 2018, the CDA approved Bristol-Myers Squibb’s
OPDIVO威 (nivolumab) for the treatment of locally-advanced or metastatic NSCLC after
platinum-based chemotherapy in adult patients without EGFR or ALK genomic tumor
aberration. On July 26, 2018, the CDA also approved KEYTRUDA威 (pembrolizumab) for
the treatment of advanced melanoma following failure of one prior line of therapy. As of
June 15, 2018, there were three NDAs of PD-1 inhibitors submitted in China pending the
CDA’s approval.

the treatment of

for

Pamiparib. A number of PARP inhibitors have been approved by the FDA. These include
AstraZeneca’s LYNPARZA威 (olaparib), Clovis Oncology’s RUBRACA威 (rucaparib) and
Tesaro’s ZEJULA威
(niraparib). Several PARP inhibitors are in late-stage clinical
development. In China, there is no approved PARP inhibitor. AstraZeneca has submitted an
NDA for olaparib in China. In addition, Zai Lab obtained the development and commercial
rights for niraparib in China, and there are some other PARP inhibitors being developed by
domestic Chinese companies.

Our Commercial Products

In connection with the collaboration with Celgene Corporation, or Celgene (as described below),
we obtained an exclusive license to market Celgene’s approved cancer therapies ABRAXANE威,

— 6 —

