HOW TO APPLY FOR HONG KONG OFFER SHARES

Detailed instructions for application through the WHITE Form eIPO service are on the
designated website. If you do not follow the instructions, your application may be rejected and may
not be submitted to the Company. If you apply through the designated website. you authorise the
WHITE Form eIPO Service Provider to apply on the terms and conditions in this prospectus, as
supplemented and amended by the terms and conditions of the WHITE Form eIPO service.

Time for Submitting Applications under the WHITE Form eIPO

You may submit your

application to the WHITE Form eIPO Service Provider

at
www.eipo.com.hk (24 hours daily, except on the last application day) from 9:00 a.m. on Monday, July
30, 2018 until 11:30 a.m. on Thursday, August 2, 2018 and the latest time for completing full payment
of application monies in respect of such applications will be 12:00 noon on Thursday, August 2, 2018
or such later time under the “Effects of Bad Weather on the Opening of the Applications Lists” in this
section.

No Multiple Applications

If you apply by means of WHITE Form eIPO service, once you complete payment in respect
of any electronic application instruction given by you or for your benefit through the WHITE Form
eIPO service to make an application for Hong Kong Offer Shares, an actual application shall be
deemed to have been made. For the avoidance of doubt, giving an electronic application instruction
under WHITE Form eIPO service more than once and obtaining different application reference
numbers without effecting full payment in respect of a particular reference number will not constitute
an actual application.

If you are suspected of submitting more than one application through the WHITE Form eIPO

service or by any other means, all of your applications are liable to be rejected.

Section 40 of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance

For the avoidance of doubt, the Company and all other parties involved in the preparation of this
prospectus acknowledge that each applicant who gives or causes to give electronic application
instructions is a person who may be entitled to compensation under Section 40 of the Companies
(Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance.

Environmental Protection

The obvious advantage of WHITE Form eIPO service is to save the use of paper via the
self-serviced and electronic application process. Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
Limited, being the designated WHITE Form eIPO Service Provider, will contribute HK$2 for each
“BeiGene, Ltd.” WHITE Form eIPO application submitted via the www.eipo.com.hk to support the
funding of “Dongjiang River Source Tree Planting” project initiated by Friends of the Earth (HK).

6.

APPLYING BY GIVING ELECTRONIC APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS TO HKSCC
VIA CCASS

General

CCASS Participants may give electronic application instructions to apply for the Hong Kong
Offer Shares and to arrange payment of the money due on application and payment of refunds under
their participant agreements with HKSCC and the General Rules of CCASS and the CCASS
Operational Procedures.

— 368 —

