APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Our work involved performing procedures to obtain evidence about the amounts and disclosures
in the Historical Financial Information. The procedures selected depend on the reporting accountants’
judgement, including the assessment of risks of material misstatement of the Historical Financial
Information, whether due to fraud or error.
the reporting
accountants consider internal control relevant to the entity’s preparation of the Historical Financial
Information that gives a true and fair view in accordance with the basis of presentation and preparation
set out in note II.2 to the Historical Financial Information, in order to design procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the entity’s internal control. Our work also included evaluating the appropriateness of accounting
policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by the directors, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the Historical Financial Information.

In making those risk assessments,

We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis

for our opinion.

Opinion

In our opinion, the Historical Financial Information gives, for the purposes of the accountants’
report, a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and the Company as at December
31, 2016 and 2017 and March 31, 2018 and of the financial performance and cash flows of the Group
for each of the Relevant Periods in accordance with the basis of presentation and preparation set out
in note II.2 to the Historical Financial Information.

Review of interim comparative financial information

Information based on our

We have reviewed the interim comparative financial information of the Group which comprises
the consolidated statements of operations, statements of comprehensive loss, statements of cash flows
and statements of shareholders’ equity (deficit) for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and other
explanatory information (the “Interim Comparative Financial Information”). The directors of the
Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the Interim Comparative Financial
Information in accordance with the basis of presentation and preparation set out in note II.2 to the
Historical Financial Information, respectively. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the
Interim Comparative Financial
review in
accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 Review of Interim Financial
Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity issued by the HKICPA. A review
consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters,
and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an
audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not
enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be
identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion. Based on our review, nothing
has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the Interim Comparative Financial Information,
for the purposes of the accountants’ report, is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with
the basis of presentation and preparation set out in note II.2 to the Historical Financial Information,
respectively.

review. We conducted our

— I-2 —

