BUSINESS

The efficacy-evaluable population included 15 UC patients. One patient had a confirmed CR,
four achieved a confirmed PR, and three achieved SD. Nine evaluable patients had PD-L1 status
determined. There was one CR, two PR and one SD among six PD-L1 high patients, and one PR among
three PD-L1 low or negative patients.

We expect to complete enrollment of patients in pivotal Phase 2 trial of urothelial cancer in

China in 2018.

Hodgkin’s Lymphoma

In June 2018, we received preliminary topline results from the independent review of response
data from our Phase 2 single-arm pivotal trial of tislelizumab in Chinese patients with R/R cHL. This
trial enrolled 70 patients with cHL who either failed autologous stem cell transplantation, or ASCT,
or who were ineligible for ASCT. The primary endpoint was overall response rate as defined by the
Lugano 2014 criteria. Secondary endpoints included progression-free survival, duration of response,
complete response rate, time to response, safety, and tolerability. As of the data cutoff, the median
follow-up time was approximately 6.0 months. The overall response rate was 73%, including 50%
complete response, and the median duration of response had not been reached. Frequency and severity
of adverse events was generally consistent with the previously reported Phase 1 safety and tolerability
data for tislelizumab, or, in the case of certain immune-related events such as hypothyroidism and
fever, consistent with previous reports of other PD-1 antibodies for the treatment of cHL. We expect
to include these data, along with additional follow-up data from the study, in the NDA that we plan
to file with the CDA in China later this year, and we also plan to present full results of the trial at an
upcoming medical conference.

Combination with Pamiparib

On June 5, 2017, we presented initial data from the dose-escalation portion of the Phase 1 trial
of tislelizumab in combination with our investigational PARP inhibitor, pamiparib, in patients with
advanced solid tumors at
the 2017 American Society for Clinical Oncology, or ASCO, Annual
Meeting. We presented an updated dataset on January 25, 2018 at the 2018 ASCO-SITC Clinical
Immuno-Oncology Symposium. The preliminary data suggested that the combination of tislelizumab
and pamiparib was generally well-tolerated and showed anti-tumor activity in multiple solid tumor
types.

At the data cutoff of July 31, 2017, 49 patients were enrolled in the dose-escalation portion of
the trial. Cohorts of six to 13 patients each received treatments at five planned dose levels, or DLs.
Tislelizumab was administered at 2 mg/kg Q3W with pamiparib at 20, 40, or 60 mg twice daily, or
BID, in DLs 1, 2 and 3, respectively. Tislelizumab was also administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg
Q3W with pamiparib at 40 or 60 mg twice daily in DLs 4 and 5, respectively. Duration of treatment
was greater than 200 days for 10 patients, and a total of seven patients remained on treatment as of
the data cutoff date.

Dose-limiting toxicities occurred in four patients;

these included one patient with grade 2
nausea, one patient with grade 3 rash at DL 4, one patient with grade 2 nausea or vomiting and one
patient with grade 4 autoimmune hepatitis at DL 5. The trial identified the recommended Phase 2 dose
to be tislelizumab at 200 mg fixed dose Q3W and pamiparib at 40 mg BID.

— 225 —

