RISK FACTORS

Clinical drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome,
and results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results.

Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently
uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. The results of preclinical
studies and early clinical
trials of our drug candidates may not be predictive of the results of
later-stage clinical trials, and initial or interim results of a trial may not be predictive of the final
results. Drug candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and
efficacy traits despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. In some
instances, there can be significant variability in safety and/or efficacy results between different trials
of the same drug candidate due to numerous factors, including changes in trial procedures set forth
in protocols, differences in the size and type of the patient populations, including genetic differences,
patient adherence to the dosing regimen and other trial protocol elements and the rate of dropout
among clinical trial participants. In the case of any trials we conduct, results may differ from earlier
trials due to the larger number of clinical trial sites and additional countries and languages involved
in such trials. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have
suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or adverse safety
profiles, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. Our future clinical trial results may not be
favorable.

Also, there can be significant variability in safety and/or efficacy results between different trials
of the same product candidate due to numerous factors, including changes in trial procedures set for
the protocols, differences in the size and type of the patient populations, including genetic differences,
patient adherence to the dosing regimen and other trial protocols and the rate of dropout among
clinical trial participants. In the case of any trials we conduct, results may differ from early trials due
to differences in the number of patients, clinical trial sites, countries and regions and populations
involved in such trials. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries
have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or adverse safety
profiles, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials.

Even if our future clinical trial results show favorable efficacy and impressive durability of
antitumor responses, not all patients may benefit. For certain drugs, including checkpoint inhibitors,
and in certain indications, it is likely that the majority of patients may not respond to the agents at
all, some responders may relapse after a period of response and certain tumor types may appear
particularly resistant.

If clinical trials of our drug candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the
satisfaction of regulatory authorities or do not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur
additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the
development and commercialization of our drug candidates.

Before obtaining regulatory approval for the sale of our drug candidates, we must conduct
extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our drug candidates in humans. We
may experience numerous unexpected events during, or as a result of, clinical trials that could delay
or prevent our ability to receive regulatory approval or commercialize our drug candidates, including
but not limited to: regulators, institutional review boards, or IRBs, or ethics committees may not

— 43 —

