BUSINESS

Sales and expansion targets

Based on sale forecasts we provide, our distributor shall provide its
required amounts of the products to us.

Sales and inventory reports

and estimates

Our distributor shall provide to us daily and monthly reports
containing full details about the inventory, forecasts, shipping and,
returns of the products.

Our distributor shall also provide to us daily and monthly reports
containing full details about the local sales of the products.

Any minimum purchase

There is no binding minimum purchase condition.

amounts

Payment and credit terms

Credit term is generally 90 days following the invoice date.

Conditions for terminating and

renewing the agreements

Use of the trademark

the right

Either party has
to terminate the agreement on a
product-by-product basis with immediate effect upon written
notice, if the other party breaches any of the material provisions in
the agreement applicable to it and fails to rectify such breach within
30 days of written notice from the other party.

Our distributor shall have a non-sublicensable, non-transferable,
non-assignable and non-exclusive right to use our trademark for
selling our products in the PRC. The use of trademark shall be
subject to our prior written approval. Our distributor shall not use
the trademark within the PRC for any other product and shall use
the trademark only for the purpose of selling our products in the
PRC under the agreement.

We rely on our internal sales team for the sales and marketing of our products. As of July 20,
2018, our commercial team consisted of 285 sales and marketing personnel. In anticipation of our
business expansion and as our internally-developed drugs become available for sale, if approved, we
plan to further expand our sales and marketing force in the next few years.

We also actively attend trade shows, symposia, conventions, seminars and other notable events
to promote our brand at the forefront of the industry. We frequently conduct technical seminars at
well-recognized academic institutes and pharmaceutical companies to promote our products.

In China, prices of pharmaceutical products are regulated by the government to ensure that drugs
are offered at affordable prices. In June 2015, the Chinese government abolished the 15-year-old
government-led pricing system for drugs, and lifted the maximum retail price requirement for most
drugs, including drugs reimbursed by government medical insurance funds, patented drugs, and some
other drugs. The government regulates prices mainly by establishing a consolidated procurement
mechanism, restructuring medical insurance reimbursement standards and strengthening regulation of
medical and pricing practices. See the section titled “Regulations—PRC Regulation—PRC Drug
Regulation—Post-Marketing Surveillance—Government price controls” for further details on pricing
regulations.

— 252 —

