REGULATIONS

Other PRC national- and provincial-level laws and regulations

We are subject to changing regulations under many other laws and regulations administered by
governmental authorities at the national, provincial and municipal levels, some of which are or may
become applicable to our business. For example, regulations control the confidentiality of patients’
medical information and the circumstances under which patient medical information may be released
for inclusion in our databases, or released by us to third parties. The privacy of human subjects in
clinical trials is also protected under regulations, e.g., the case report forms must avoid disclosing
names of the human subjects.

These laws and regulations governing both the disclosure and the use of confidential patient
medical information may become more restrictive in the future, including restrictions on transfer of
healthcare data. The Cybersecurity Law that took effect in 2017 designates healthcare as a priority
area that is part of critical information infrastructure, and China’s cyberspace administration is trying
to finalize a draft rule on cross-border transfer of personal information.

PRC Regulation of Foreign Investment

Investment activities in China by foreign investors are principally governed by the Guidance
Catalogue of Industries for Foreign Investment, or the Catalogue, which was promulgated and is
amended from time to time by the MOFCOM and the National Development and Reform Commission.
Pursuant to the latest Catalogue effective in 2017, or the 2017 Catalogue, industries are divided into
two categories: encouraged industries and the industries within the catalogue of special management
measures, or the Negative List. The Negative List is further divided into two sub-categories: restricted
industries and prohibited industries. Establishment of wholly foreign-owned enterprises is generally
allowed in industries outside of the Negative List. For the restricted industries within the Negative
List, some are limited to equity or contractual joint ventures, while in some cases Chinese partners are
required to hold the majority interests in such joint ventures. In addition, restricted category projects
are subject
to government approvals and certain special requirements. Foreign investors are not
allowed to invest in industries in the prohibited category. Industries not listed in the Catalogue are
generally open to foreign investment unless specifically restricted by other PRC regulations. Pursuant
to the 2017 Catalogue, the manufacture of innovative oncology drugs and certain other kinds of
pharmaceutical products falls in the encouraged industries for foreign investment.

Regulations Relating to Foreign Exchange

The Foreign Exchange Administration Regulations are the principal regulations governing
foreign currency exchange in China. Under the PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current
account items, such as profit distributions and trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions,
may be made in foreign currencies without prior approval from the State Administration of Foreign
Exchange, or SAFE, by complying with certain procedural requirements. In contrast, approval from
or registration with appropriate government authorities or designated banks is required when RMB is
to be converted into a foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the
repayment of foreign currency-denominated loans.

— 187 —

