WAIVERS FROM COMPLIANCE WITH THE LISTING RULES AND EXEMPTIONS FROM

THE COMPANIES (WINDING UP AND MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS) ORDINANCE

have given an undertaking to the Stock Exchange to put alternative measures in place that will result
in the same outcome as required under the relevant provision, we have applied for, and the Stock
Exchange has agreed to grant, a waiver from the requirement set out in Paragraph 3(2) of Part B of
Appendix 13 for the reasons set out above.

USE OF US GAAP AND AUDITING STANDARDS

Rules 4.10 and 4.11 of, and note 2.1 to paragraph 2 of the Appendix 16 to, the Listing Rules
require the Company to prepare its financial statements in the prospectus and the subsequent financial
reports issued after listing to be in conformity with: (a) Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards
(“HKFRS”); (b) IFRS; or (c) China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises in the case of
companies incorporated in China.

As a company listed on the Nasdaq, the Company uses Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
in the US (“US GAAP”) and corresponding audit standards for the filing of its financial statements
with the SEC as determined by the United States Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. US
GAAP is well recognized and accepted by the international investment community, particularly among
biotechnology companies, and significant progress has been made in the convergence between US
GAAP and IFRS. Additionally, we note that it might lead to confusion among the Company’s investors
and shareholders if the Company was required to adopt different accounting standards for its
disclosures in Hong Kong from those in the US. Aligning the accountings standards used for
disclosures in both markets will alleviate any such confusion.

Our Company has applied to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange for, and the Stock Exchange has
granted, a waiver from strict compliance with the requirements of Rules 4.10, 4.11 and note 2.1 to
paragraph 2 of the Appendix 16 of the Listing Rules subject to the following conditions:

(a)

(b)

(c)

the Company will include (i) a description of the relevant key differences between US
GAAP and IFRS; and (b) a statement showing the financial effect of any material
differences between the financial statements reported under US GAAP and IFRS (the
“Reconciliation Statement”) in the Company’s accountants’ report of the prospectus and
annual financial reports after listing. Such reconciliation statements have to be audited by
external accountants;

the Company will include a Reconciliation Statement in the Company’s interim reports
after listing, to be reviewed by external accountants (at least equivalent to International
Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 or Hong Kong Standard on Assurance
Engagements 3000);

the Company will use Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards or IFRS in the preparation
of the Company’s financial statements in the event that the Company is no longer listed in
the U. S. or has no obligation to make financial disclosure in the U. S.; and

(d)

this waiver request will not be applied generally and is based on the specific circumstances
of the Company.

— 119 —

