REGULATIONS

April 2018 the CDA published a draft on Implementing Regulations for Pharmaceutical Study Data
Protection (藥品試驗數據保護實施辦法（暫行）) for public comment that would set regulatory data
protection for innovative small molecule drugs at six years and for innovative therapeutic biologics
at 12 years. Included in the proposals were reduced protection periods of one to five years if an NDA
is filed first outside of China (but no more than six years later) in reliance on international
multi-center clinical trials conducted in China, or is filed in China based solely on overseas clinical
data with no Chinese subjects (75% reduction) or based on supplemental “China clinical trial data”
(50% reduction). Information about the exclusivity term will be included in an “orange book” at the
time of approval, similar to the United States. Some mechanics of these proposed rules are not yet
clear, and it is not certain when the proposed rules will be finalized. The PRC government has also
stated that it will explore ways to expand access to reimbursement under the state health plans for
innovative drugs (particularly for urgently needed oncology drugs).

Acceptance of Foreign Clinical Trial Studies

On July 10, 2018, the CDA issued the Technical Guidance Principles on Accepting Foreign Drug
Clinical Trial Data (接受藥品境外臨床試驗數據的技術指導原則), or the Guidance Principles, as one
of the implementing rules for the Innovation Opinion. According to the Guidance Principles, sponsors
may use the data of foreign clinical trials to support drug registration in China, provided that sponsors
must ensure the authenticity, completeness and accuracy of foreign clinical trial data and such data
must be obtained consistent with the relevant requirements under the Good Clinical Trial Practice
(GCP) of the International Conference on Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Registration
of Pharmaceuticals for Human Use (ICH). Sponsors must also comply with other relevant sections of
the Drug Registration Regulation (藥品註冊管理辦法) when applying for drug registrations in China
using foreign clinical trial data.

Manufacturing and Distribution

According to the Drug Administration Law (藥品管理法), all facilities that make drugs in China
should receive a drug manufacturing license with an appropriate “scope of manufacturing” from the
local PFDA. This license must be renewed every five years. A separate certification of compliance
with GMP is also required.

Similarly,

to conduct sales,

importation, shipping and storage (“distribution activities”) a
company must obtain a Drug Distribution License from the local PFDA, subject to renewal every five
years. Like with GMPs, a separate certification of compliance with CDA’s drug good supply practice,
or GSP, is required.

On January 9, 2017, eight central government agencies jointly promulgated the Notice on the
Distribution of the Opinions on the Implementation of the “Two-Invoice System” in Drug Procurement
by Public Medical Institutions (for Trial Implementation) (關於在公立醫療機構藥品採購中推行”兩票
制”的實施意見（試行）的通知). The “Two-Invoice System” generally requires that at most
two
invoices may be issued throughout
the distribution chain, with one from the manufacturer to a
distributor and another from the distributor to the end-user hospital. This excludes the sale of products
invoiced from the manufacturer to its wholly owned or controlled distributors, or for imported drugs,
to their exclusive distributor, or from a distributor to its wholly owned or controlled subsidiary (or

— 183 —

