FINANCIAL INFORMATION

cancers and as we move these drug candidates into additional clinical trials. There are numerous
factors associated with the successful commercialization of any of our drug candidates, including
future trial design and various regulatory requirements, many of which cannot be determined with
accuracy at
this time based on our stage of development. Additionally, future commercial and
regulatory factors beyond our control may impact our clinical development programs and plans.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of product promotion costs,
distribution costs, salaries and related benefit costs, including share-based compensation for selling,
general and administrative personnel. Other selling, general and administrative expenses include
professional fees for legal, consulting, auditing and tax services as well as other direct and allocated
expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities, travel costs, insurance and other supplies used in
selling, general and administrative activities. We anticipate that our selling, general and administrative
expenses will increase in future periods to support planned increases in commercialization activities
with respect to ABRAXANE威 (nanoparticle albumin—bound paclitaxel), REVLIMID威 (lenalidomide)
and VIDAZA威 (azaciditine) in China and the preparation for launch and potential commercialization
of our
if approved. We also expect selling, general and
administrative expenses to increase in future periods to support our research and development efforts,
including the continuation of the clinical
trials of our drug candidates as treatments for various
cancers and the initiation of clinical trials for potential new drug candidates. These cost increases will
likely be due
increased share-based
compensation expenses, expanded infrastructure and increased costs for insurance. We also anticipate
increased legal, compliance, accounting,
insurance and investor and public relations expenses
associated with being a public company.

internally-developed drug candidates,

to increased promotional

costs,

increased headcount,

Interest Income (Expense), Net

Interest Income

Interest income consists primarily of interest generated from our cash and short-term investments

in money market funds, time deposits, U.S. Treasury securities and U.S. agency securities.

Interest Expense

Interest expense consists primarily of interest on our long-term bank loan and shareholder loan.

Other Income (Expense), Net

Other income consists primarily of government grants and subsidies received that involve no
conditions or continuing performance obligations by us. Other expense consists primarily of loss from
property and equipment disposals and donations made to sponsor certain events. Other income
(expense) also consists of unrealized gains and losses related to changes in foreign currency exchange
rates and realized gains and losses on the sale of investments.

— 264 —

