WAIVERS FROM COMPLIANCE WITH THE LISTING RULES AND EXEMPTIONS FROM

THE COMPANIES (WINDING UP AND MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS) ORDINANCE

The Company is required under the Exchange Act and corresponding SEC rules and regulations
to deliver a copy of its audited financial statements, together with a copy of the Audit Committee
Report, with the proxy statement for its annual general meeting of shareholders each year. The
Company is a U.S. reporting company and publicly files its financial
information on the SEC’s
EDGAR system subject to the SEC reporting timeline. The Company is a Large Accelerated Filer and
is required by the SEC rules and regulations to file its annual financials within 60 days after its fiscal
year end. This is more than 21 days before the annual meeting. Moreover, as a practical matter, given
that the Company’s securities are publicly listed on the Nasdaq, in order to have sufficient time to
solicit proxies for the annual general meeting each year the Company must deliver the annual report
and proxy materials at least 21 days prior to the meeting. Our Directors are permitted to allow the
shareholders to inspect the accounts and the shareholders can also request inspection by ordinary
resolution. Nasdaq Rule 5620(a), “Meetings of Shareholders”, requires the Company to hold an annual
meeting of shareholders no later than one year after the end of the Company’s fiscal year-end. We have
therefore applied for, and the Stock Exchange has agreed to grant, a waiver from the requirement set
out in Paragraph 5 of Appendix 3 and Paragraph 4(2) of Part B of Appendix 13 on the condition that
if in the future we cease to be listed on the Nasdaq and/or cease to be subject to the Exchange Act
and corresponding SEC rules and regulations (or any comparable provisions under applicable laws),
we will use our reasonable endeavors to amend our Articles as soon as practicable to comply with this
requirement.

As regards redeemable shares

Paragraph 8 of Appendix 3 provides that where the issuer has the power to purchase for
redemption a redeemable share, purchases not made through the market or by tender shall be limited
to a maximum price and if purchases are by tender, tenders shall be available to all shareholders alike.
Under our Articles, subject to applicable law, the Company may, by agreement with the relevant
shareholder, repurchase its shares of the Company (including any redeemable shares) provided that the
manner and terms of such purchase have been approved by our directors or by ordinary resolution
(provided further that no repurchase may be made contrary to the terms or manner recommended by
our directors). As a publicly listed company on the Nasdaq, the Company is subject to the tender offer
rules under the Exchange Act and corresponding SEC rules and regulations that provide a similar level
of protection. Repurchase is made by the agreement between the Company and the relevant
shareholder to ensure shareholder protection. As a company with a primary listing on the Stock
Exchange,
to the Codes on Takeovers and Mergers and Share
Repurchases, which will limit the on-market and off-market share repurchases that the Company may
make. A comparable level of protection will
therefore be available to its shareholders. We have
therefore applied for, and the Stock Exchange has agreed to grant, a waiver from the requirement set
out in Paragraph 8 of Appendix 3 for the reasons set out above.

the Company will also be subject

As regards proxies

Paragraph 11(1) of Appendix 3 provides that where provision is made in the articles as to the
form of proxy, this must be so worded as not to preclude the use of the two-way form. Although the
Articles do not provide for this, the Company will in any event be subject to the requirements of Rule
13.38 of the Listing Rules to send a two-way voting form to shareholders, so absence of this provision

— 117 —

