HOW TO APPLY FOR HONG KONG OFFER SHARES

•

•

•

designated

results

English

at www.iporesults.com.hk
from the
(alternatively:
Chinese
https://www.eipo.com.hk/zh-hk/Allotment) with a “search by ID” function on a 24-hour
basis from 8:00 a.m. on Tuesday, August 7, 2018 to 12:00 midnight on Monday, August 13,
2018;

of
https://www.eipo.com.hk/en/Allotment;

allocations website

by telephone enquiry line by calling 28628669 between 9:00 a.m. and 10:00 p.m. from
Tuesday, August 7, 2018 to Friday, August 10, 2018;

in the special allocation results booklets which will be available for inspection during
opening hours from Tuesday, August 7, 2018 to Thursday, August 9, 2018 at all
the
receiving bank branches and sub-branches referred to above.

If the Company accepts your offer to purchase (in whole or in part), which it may do by
announcing the basis of allocations and/ or making available the results of allocations publicly, there
will be a binding contract under which you will be required to purchase the Hong Kong Offer Shares
if the conditions of the Global Offering are satisfied and the Global Offering is not otherwise
terminated. Further details are contained in the section headed “Structure of the Global Offering”.

You will not be entitled to exercise any remedy of rescission for innocent misrepresentation at

any time after acceptance of your application. This does not affect any other right you may have.

12. CIRCUMSTANCES IN WHICH YOU WILL NOT BE ALLOTTED OFFER SHARES

You should note the following situations in which the Hong Kong Offer shares will not be

allotted to you:

(i)

If your application is revoked:

By completing and submitting an Application Form or giving electronic application
instructions to HKSCC or to the White Form eIPO Service Provider, you agree that your application
or the application made by HKSCC Nominees on your behalf cannot be revoked on or before the fifth
day after the time of the opening of the application lists (excluding for this purpose any day which
is Saturday, Sunday or public holiday in Hong Kong). This agreement will take effect as a collateral
contract with the Company.

Your application or the application made by HKSCC Nominees on your behalf may only be
revoked on or before such fifth day if a person responsible for this prospectus under Section 40 of the
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance gives a public notice under that
section which excludes or limits that person’s responsibility for this prospectus.

If any supplement

to this prospectus is issued, applicants who have already submitted an
application will be notified that they are required to confirm their applications. If applicants have been
so notified but have not confirmed their applications in accordance with the procedure to be notified,
all unconfirmed applications will be deemed revoked.

— 376 —

