FINANCIAL INFORMATION

institutions are not protected by statutory or commercial insurance. In the event of bankruptcy of one
of these financial institutions, we may be unlikely to claim our deposits back in full. We believe that
these financial institutions are of high credit quality, and we continually monitor the credit worthiness
of these financial institutions. At March 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, our short-term investments
consisted primarily of U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. agency securities and time deposits. We believe
that the U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. agency securities and time deposits are of high credit quality
and continually monitor the credit worthiness of these institutions.

The primary objectives of our investment activities are to preserve principle, provide liquidity
and maximize income without significantly increasing risk. Our primary exposure to market risk
relates to fluctuations in the interest rates which are affected by changes in the general level of PRC
and U.S. interest rates. Given the short-term nature of our cash equivalents, we believe that a sudden
change in market interest rates would not be expected to have a material impact on our financial
condition and/or results of operations. We estimate that a hypothetical 100-basis point change in
market interest rates would impact the fair value of our investment portfolio as of March 31, 2018,
December 31, 2017 and 2016 by US$3.1 million, US$2.3 million and US$1.6 million respectively.

We do not believe that our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments have significant
risk of default or illiquidity. While we believe our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments
do not contain excessive risk, we cannot provide absolute assurance that in the future investments will
not be subject to adverse changes in market value.

Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk

We are exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures. Our functional
currency is the U.S. dollar, but a portion of our operating transactions and assets and liabilities are
in other currencies, such as RMB, Australian dollar and Euro. We do not believe that we currently have
any significant direct foreign exchange risk and have not used any derivative financial instruments to
hedge exposure to such risk.

RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currencies for capital account transactions. The value
of RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies is affected by, among other things, changes in
China’s political and economic conditions and China’s foreign exchange prices. From July 21, 2005,
the RMB is permitted to fluctuate within a narrow and managed band against a basket of certain
foreign currencies. For the RMB against U.S. dollars, there were appreciation of approximately 3.6%
and 1.1% in the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, and there were appreciation of
approximately 6.5% and depreciation of approximately 6.3% in the year ended December 31, 2017 and
2016. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC or U.S. government policy may impact the
exchange rate between the RMB and the U.S. dollar in the future.

To the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into RMB for capital expenditures and working
capital and other business purposes, appreciation of RMB against the U.S. dollar would have an
adverse effect on the RMB amount we would receive from the conversion. Conversely, if we decide
to convert RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose of making payments for dividends on our ordinary
shares, strategic acquisitions or investments or other business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar
against RMB would have a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount available to us.

— 295 —

