DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Dr. Xiaobin Wu, Ph.D. and BeiGene Beijing entered into an Executive Employment Agreement
(the “Employment Agreement”), effective as of April 30, 2018 (the “Effective Date”). Under the
Employment Agreement, Dr. Wu will receive a base salary of RMB3,750,000, subject to regular
review and adjustment by compensation committee of our Board. Dr. Wu will be eligible for an annual
cash merit bonus, with a current target level of 50% of his base salary, based on performance as
determined by our compensation committee. In addition, Dr. Wu’s Employment Agreement provides
for reimbursement of tax advisory and preparation services and an annual allowance of RMB 950,000
to cover the leasing of an automobile and the costs of housing in the PRC.

In connection with the commencement of his employment, Dr. Wu received an initial option to
purchase 766,599 ordinary shares of the Company, equivalent to 58,969 ADSs, at an exercise price of
US$13.05 per ordinary share, equivalent to US$169.58 per ADS, which was the closing price of our
ADSs on the Nasdaq on the date of grant. The option will vest over a five-year period, with 20% of
the shares subject to the option becoming exercisable on the first anniversary of the Effective Date,
and the balance becoming exercisable in 48 successive equal monthly installments, subject to Dr. Wu’s
continued service. Dr. Wu also received an initial award of restricted share units for 1,149,899
ordinary shares of the Company, equivalent to 88,453 ADSs, vesting in equal installments over five
years from the Effective Date, subject to Dr. Wu’s continued service. In addition, Dr. Wu is eligible
to receive an annual grant of equity targeted at US$1,000,000 each year, subject to vesting over five
years, consisting of share options, restricted share units or such other form of grant as provided to (and
in the same proportion as) Mr. John V. Oyler.

Dr. Wu’s employment has no specified term and can be terminated at will by either party. Dr.
Wu’s employment may be terminated by the Company without “cause” (as defined in the Employment
Agreement), and if so he would receive his base salary and health and dental insurance payments
during a 18-month severance period and other benefits including acceleration of the vesting of his
initial option grant and initial restricted share units award by 18 months (or full acceleration of the
vesting schedules of his initial option grant and initial restricted share units award and any subsequent
option and restricted share units awards if such termination occurs within 12 months following a
“change in control” (as defined in the Employment Agreement)), unless Dr. Wu breaches his
confidentiality, non-competition and non-solicitation obligations. Dr. Wu may terminate his
employment with “good reason” (as defined in the Employment Agreement) upon 30 days’ written
notice received within 60 days of the occurrence of the event. If the Company does not cure the action
identified in Dr. Wu’s notice, he is entitled to the same benefits as if the Company terminated his
employment without cause, subject to his execution of a release of claims and unless he breaches his
confidentiality, non-competition and non-solicitation obligations. To the fullest extent permitted by
PRC law, the Company may also terminate Dr. Wu’s employment for cause in certain cases upon 30
days’ written notice. Dr. Wu may also terminate his employment without good reason upon 90 days’
written notice, in either case, in which he would then only be entitled to receive certain accrued
obligations.

— 331 —

