FINANCIAL INFORMATION

there was US$63.2 million of total unrecognized share-based compensation expense, net of estimated
forfeitures, related to unvested share-based awards which are expected to be recognized over a
weighted-average period of 3.43 years. In future periods, our share-based compensation expense is
expected to increase as a result of recognizing our existing unrecognized share-based compensation
for awards that will vest and as we issue additional share-based awards to attract and retain our
employees.

Income Taxes

We use the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax
assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and the
tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates that will be in effect when
the differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than
not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.

In accordance with ASU 2015-17, all deferred income tax assets and liabilities are classified as

non-current on the consolidated balance sheets.

We evaluate our uncertain tax positions using the provisions of ASC 740, Income Taxes, which
prescribes a recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in
the financial statements. We recognize in the financial statements the benefit of a tax position which
is “more likely than not” to be sustained under examination based solely on the technical merits of
the position assuming a review by tax authorities having all relevant information. Tax positions that
meet the recognition threshold are measured using a cumulative probability approach, at the largest
amount of tax benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon settlement.
It is our policy to recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if any, as a
component of income tax expense.

We recognize income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers of assets, other than inventory,
when the transfers occur. BeiGene HK’s contribution of BeiGene Shanghai to BeiGene Biologics (and
subsequent receipt of a related government grant) resulted in tax expenses of US$28.6 million. The
related government subsidy of $10.0 million, which was received in 2017, was reflected as other
non-operating income. Additionally, we established a deferred tax asset resulting from a previous
transfer of intellectual property to one of its wholly-owned subsidiaries. This deferred tax asset is
entirely offset by a corresponding valuation allowance.

Goodwill and other intangible assets

Goodwill is an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired
in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. We allocate
the cost of an acquired entity to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated
fair values at the date of acquisition. The excess of the purchase price for acquisitions over the fair
value of the net assets acquired, including other intangible assets, is recorded as goodwill. Goodwill
is not amortized, but is tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or changes
in circumstances would indicate a potential impairment.

— 302 —

