RISK FACTORS

Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and
increase our costs and expenses.

Our operations, and those of our third-party research institution collaborators, CROs, suppliers
and other contractors and consultants, could be subject natural or man-made disasters or business
interruptions, for which we are predominantly self-insured. In addition, we partially rely on our
third-party research institution collaborators for conducting research and development of our drug
candidates, and they may be affected by government shutdowns or withdrawn funding. The occurrence
of any of these business disruptions could seriously harm our operations and financial condition and
increase our costs and expenses. We partially rely on third-party manufacturers to produce and process
our drugs and drug candidates. Our ability to obtain supplies of our drugs and drug candidates could
be disrupted if the operations of these suppliers are affected by a man-made or natural disaster or other
business interruption. Damage or extended periods of interruption to our corporate, development,
research or manufacturing facilities due to fire, natural disaster, power loss, communications failure,
unauthorized entry or other events could cause us to cease or delay development or commercialization
of some or all of our drug candidates. Although we maintain property damage and business
interruption insurance coverage on these facilities, our insurance might not cover all losses under such
circumstances and our business may be seriously harmed by such delays and interruption.

Product liability claims or lawsuits could cause us to incur substantial liabilities.

We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the commercialization of our drugs in
China and the clinical testing and any future commercialization of our drug candidates globally. For
example, we may be sued if our drugs or drug candidates cause or are perceived to cause injury or are
found to be otherwise unsuitable during clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such
product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a
failure to warn of dangers inherent in the drug, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties.
Claims could also be asserted under applicable consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully
defend ourselves against or obtain indemnification from our collaborators for product liability claims,
we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our drugs and drug
candidates. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management resources.
Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: decreased demand for our
drugs; injury to our reputation; withdrawal of clinical trial participants and inability to continue
clinical
initiation of investigations by regulators; costs to defend the related litigation; a
diversion of management’s time and our resources; substantial monetary awards to trial participants
or patients; product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; loss of
revenue; exhaustion of any available insurance and our capital
the inability to
commercialize any drug candidate; and a decline in the ADS or ordinary share price.

resources;

trials;

Our inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect
against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our drugs
and drug candidates. Although we currently hold US$10 million in product liability coverage in the
aggregate, the amount of such insurance coverage may not be adequate, we may be unable to maintain
such insurance at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise,
or we may not be able to obtain additional or replacement insurance at a reasonable cost, if at all. Our
insurance policies may also have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability

— 88 —

