INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

Overview of PD-1/PD-L1 Inhibitors

Cells called cytotoxic T-lymphocytes, or CTLs, provide an important self-defense mechanism
against cancer, patrolling the body, recognizing cancer cells due to immunogenic features that differ
from normal cells, and killing cancer cells. T-lymphocytes have various mechanisms that prevent them
from damaging normal cells, among which is a protein called PD-1 receptor, which is expressed on
the surface of T-lymphocytes. PD-L1 is an important signaling protein that can engage PD-1. PD-L1
binding to PD-1 sends an inhibitory signal inside the T-lymphocyte and abrogates its cytotoxic effects.
Many types of cancer cells have hijacked the PD-L1 expression system that normally exists in healthy
cells. By expressing PD-L1, cancer cells protect themselves from being killed by CTLs. A monoclonal
antibody can prevent PD-L1 from engaging PD-1 by specifically binding to PD-1 without activating
the receptor, or by binding to PD-L1, and therefore restore the ability of CTLs to kill cancer cells.

A number of PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors have been approved by the FDA, including two marketed
PD-1 antibodies, Merck’s KEYTRUDA威 (pembrolizumab) and Bristol-Myers Squibb’s OPDIVO威
(nivolumab), as well as three marketed PD-L1 antibodies, Roche’s TECENTRIQ威 (atezolizumab),
AstraZeneca’s IMFINZI威 (durvalumab) and Pfizer and Merck Serono’s BAVENCIO威 (avelumab). In
the global setting, several PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors are in clinical development, such as BeiGene Ltd.’s
tislelizumab, Regeneron’s
and Pfizer’s
PF-06801591.

cemiplimab, Novartis’ PDR-001, Tesaro’s TSR042

Both KEYTRUDA威 and OPDIVO威 have been approved for multiple indications,

including
unresectable or metastatic melanoma, NSCLC, classic HL, or cHL, head and neck squamous cell
carcinoma, or HNSCC, and urothelial carcinoma, or UC. OPDIVO威 has also been approved for renal
cell carcinoma, colorectal carcinoma and HCC, and KEYTRUDA威 has also been approved for
microsatellite instability-high, or MSI-high, cancer and gastric cancer, or GC.
In addition,
TECENTRIQ威, IMFINZI威 and BAVENCIO威 have been approved for a total of five indications,
including three in UC and one each in NSCLC and Merkel cell carcinoma.

— 158 —

