BUSINESS

The patent portfolios for our four lead product candidates as of July 18, 2018 are summarized

below:

Zanubrutinib. We own two issued U.S. patents, one pending U.S. patent application, one issued
China patent,
two pending PCT applications, and corresponding patent applications in other
jurisdictions directed to zanubrutinib, a small molecule BTK inhibitor, combinations of zanubrutinib
with other therapeutic agents, and its use for the treatment of hematological malignancies. The
expected expiration for the issued U.S. patent is 2034, excluding any additional term for patent term
extensions. Any patents that may issue from the currently pending U.S. patent applications would be
expected to expire in 2034, not including any patent term adjustments. If a U.S. application is filed
based on the pending PCT applications, a patent issuing from these applications, if any, would be
expected to expire in 2037. We intend to pursue marketing exclusivity periods that are available under
regulatory provisions in certain countries.

Tislelizumab. We are the owner of three issued U.S. patents, one pending U.S. application, one
pending PCT application, four pending China patent applications, and corresponding pending patent
applications in other jurisdictions directed to tislelizumab, a humanized monoclonal antibody against
PD-1, and its use for the treatment of cancer. The expected expiration for the issued U.S. patents is
2033, excluding any additional term for patent term extensions. Any patent that may issue from the
currently pending U.S. patent application would be expected to expire in 2033, not including any
patent term adjustments. We intend to pursue marketing exclusivity periods that are available under
regulatory provisions in certain countries.

Pamiparib. We own two issued U.S. patents, two pending U.S. patent applications, three pending
PCT applications, one issued China patent, two pending China patent applications, and corresponding
pending patent applications in other jurisdictions directed to pamiparib, a small molecule PARP1/2
inhibitor, and its use for the treatment of cancer, including glioblastomas and breast cancer. We also
own the corresponding pending patent applications in other jurisdictions. The expected expiration for
the issued U.S. patents is 2031, excluding any additional term for patent term extensions. Any patent
that may issue from the currently pending U.S. patent applications would be expected to expire in
2031 and 2036, not including any patent term adjustments. If a U.S. application is filed based on the
pending PCT applications, patents issuing from these applications, if any, would be expected to expire
in 2037 and 2038. We intend to pursue marketing exclusivity periods that are available under
regulatory provisions in certain countries.

Lifirafenib. We own two issued U.S. patents, two pending U.S. patent applications, one pending
PCT application, two issued China patents, one pending China patent application, and corresponding
pending patent applications in other jurisdictions directed to lifirafenib, a small molecule BRAF
inhibitor, and its use for the treatment of cancer, including BRAF mutated cancers. We also own
pending patent applications in other jurisdictions corresponding to the U.S. patent applications. In
addition, we plan to file nationally in the U.S. and other jurisdictions based on the pending PCT
application. The expected expiration for the issued U.S. patents are 2031, excluding any additional
term for patent term extensions. Any patents that may issue from the currently pending U.S. patent

— 244 —

