APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

meet this threshold are included in the transaction price using the most likely amount method, which
is the single most likely outcome of the contract (the Group either achieves a milestone or does not),
whereas amounts that do not meet this threshold are considered constrained and excluded from the
transaction price until they meet this threshold. The Group re-evaluates the probability of a significant
reversal of the cumulative revenue recognized for the Group’s milestones at each reporting period,
and, if necessary, adjusts the Group’s estimate of the overall arrangement consideration. Any such
adjustments are recorded on a cumulative catch-up basis, which would affect
revenues from
collaborators and profit/loss in the period of adjustment.

In determining the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as the Group fulfills its
obligations under its collaboration agreements, the Group uses judgement to determine : (a) whether
the promised goods and services are performance obligations including whether they are distinct in the
context of the contracts; (b) the measurement of the transaction price, including the constraint on
variable consideration; (c) the estimate of the best selling price of each performance obligation; and
(d) the recognition of revenue when (or as) the Group satisfies each performance obligation.

such arrangements

For the purpose of preparing the Historical Financial Information for the accounting periods
beginning prior to December 15, 2016, the Group recognizes revenues from research and development
collaborative arrangements when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred
or services have been rendered, the fee is fixed or determinable, and there is reasonable assurance that
the related amounts are collectible in accordance with ASC 605, Revenue Recognition (“ASC 605”).
The Group’s collaborative arrangements may contain multiple elements, including grants of licenses
to intellectual property rights, agreement to provide research and development services and other
deliverables. The deliverables under
evaluated under ASC 605-25,
Multiple-Element Arrangements. Pursuant to ASC 605-25, each required deliverable is evaluated to
determine whether it qualifies as a separate unit of accounting based on whether the deliverable has
“stand-alone value” to the customer. The collaborative arrangements do not include a right of return
for any deliverable. The arrangement’s consideration that
is fixed or determinable, excluding
contingent payments, is then allocated to each separate unit of accounting based on the relative selling
price of each deliverable. The relative selling price for each deliverable is determined using vendor
specific objective evidence (“VSOE”) of selling price or third-party evidence (“TPE”) of selling price
if VSOE does not exist. If neither VSOE nor TPE exists, the Group uses the best estimate of the selling
price (“BESP”) for the deliverable. In general, the consideration allocated to each unit of accounting
is recognized as the related goods or services are delivered, limited to the consideration that is not
contingent upon future deliverables. Non-refundable payments received before all of the relevant
criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as advances from customers.

are

Upfront non-refundable payments for licensing the Group’s intellectual property are evaluated to
determine if the licensee can obtain stand-alone value from the license separate from the value of the
research and development services and other deliverables in the arrangement to be provided by the
Group. The Group acts as the principal under its arrangements and licensing intellectual property is
part of its ongoing major or central operations. The license right is not contingent upon the delivery
of additional items or meeting other specified performance conditions. Therefore, when stand-alone
value of the license is determinable, the allocated consideration is recognized as collaboration revenue
upon delivery of the license rights.

— I-25 —

