RISK FACTORS

and to assist with our commercialization efforts. We do not control our collaborators; therefore, we
cannot ensure that these third parties will adequately and timely perform all of their obligations to us.
If they fail to complete the remaining studies successfully, or at all, it could delay, adversely affect
or prevent regulatory approval. We cannot guarantee the satisfactory performance of any of our
collaborators and if any of our collaborators breach or terminate their agreements with us, we may not
be able to successfully commercialize the licensed product which could materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

We expect to rely on third parties to manufacture at least a portion of our clinical and
commercial drug supplies. Our business could be harmed if those third parties fail to provide us
with sufficient quantities of product or fail to do so at acceptable quality levels or prices.

Although we currently have a facility that may be used as our clinical-scale manufacturing and
processing facility and are building manufacturing facilities in China, we intend to at least partially
rely on outside vendors to manufacture supplies and process our drugs and drug candidates. For
example, we have entered into a commercial supply agreement for tislelizumab with Boehringer
Ingelheim Biopharmaceuticals (China) Ltd. In addition, we rely on Celgene and its third-party
manufacturers for supply of ABRAXANE威, REVLIMID威 and VIDAZA威 in China. We have not yet
caused our drug candidates to be manufactured or processed on a commercial scale and may not be
able to do so for any of our drug candidates. We have limited experience in managing the
manufacturing process, and our process may be more difficult or expensive than the approaches
currently in use.

Although we intend to further develop our own manufacturing facilities, we also intend to use
third parties as part of our manufacturing process and for the clinical and commercial supply of our
drugs and drug candidates. Our anticipated reliance on a limited number of third-party manufacturers
exposes us to the following risks:

•

•

•

•

we may be unable to identify manufacturers on acceptable terms or at all because the
number of potential manufacturers is limited and the FDA, CDA, EMA or other comparable
regulatory authorities must evaluate and/or approve any manufacturers as part of their
regulatory oversight of our drug candidates. This evaluation would require new testing and
cGMP-compliance inspections by FDA, CDA, EMA or other comparable regulatory
authorities;

our manufacturers may have little or no experience with manufacturing our drug candidates,
and therefore may require a significant amount of support from us in order to implement
and maintain the infrastructure and processes required to manufacture our drug candidates;

our third-party manufacturers might be unable to timely manufacture our drugs and drug
candidates or produce the quantity and quality required to meet our clinical and commercial
needs, if any;

manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA and
corresponding state agencies in the United States to ensure strict compliance with cGMPs
and other government regulations and by other comparable regulatory authorities for
corresponding non-U.S.
third-party
manufacturers’ compliance with these regulations and requirements;

requirements. We do not have

control over

— 75 —

