BUSINESS

in funding has been committed for the construction of this facility. We expect the first phase of the
facility to be completed in 2019. We also have a commercial supply partner, Boehringer Ingelheim,
under an exclusive multi-year arrangement to manufacture our biologic drug candidate, tislelizumab,
in its manufacturing facility in Shanghai as part of a MAH trial project.

Commercialization. In connection with our collaboration with Celgene, we obtained Celgene’s
commercial operations in China and an exclusive license to market
three of Celgene’s cancer
therapies, ABRAXANE威, REVLIMID威 and VIDAZA威. This collaboration provided us with
commercial infrastructure and a marketed drug portfolio in China. We believe that our commercial
team has established and maintains
strong relationships with leading hospitals and medical
professionals. We also believe that we have built relationships with key opinion leaders, or KOLs, in
oncology through our years of
research and clinical development efforts. Recently, we have
strengthened our commercial leadership by adding Dr. Xiaobin Wu, who was the Country Manager of
Pfizer China and Regional President of Pfizer Essential Health for Greater China, Ivan Yifei Zhu, who
was the Vice President of Sales and Marketing at Janssen China, Vivian Xin Bian, who was the Vice
President of Innovative Products Division at Janssen China. We are developing a top oncology team
covering over 800 hospitals. We believe these commercial leadership additions will further help build
our commercial team and drive future product launches. We believe these efforts position us well for
the planned launches of our internally-developed drug candidates as well as current and potentially
future in-licensed drug candidates.

Two Late-Stage Clinical Drug Candidates with Significant Commercial Potential

We believe that our two lead drug candidates have significant commercial potential and we are

well-positioned to realize these product-based opportunities.

Zanubrutinib. We believe that our

lead drug candidate, zanubrutinib,

is a potentially
best-in-class BTK inhibitor based on the clinical data to date. Zanubrutinib has demonstrated higher
selectivity against BTK and higher exposure than the first approved BTK inhibitor IMBRUVICA威, or
ibrutinib, in pre-clinical models. As of July 5, 2018, we had enrolled more than 1,200 patients in
clinical trials of zanubrutinib. The preliminary data reported to date demonstrated favorable response
rates, quality and durability in various B-cell malignancies, such as WM and CLL/SLL.

We are running a broad pivotal clinical program globally and in China, including a global Phase
3 head-to-head trial against ibrutinib in WM, a global Phase 3 trial in treatment-naïve CLL/SLL, a
global pivotal Phase 2 trial in combination with obinutuzumab in FL, and three China pivotal Phase
2 trials in MCL, CLL/SLL and WM, respectively, in which the global Phase 3 WM trial and the three
China pivotal Phase 2 trials have completed enrollment.

— 203 —

