REGULATIONS

labeling, advertising, promotion and other types of information on products that are placed on the
market. Products may be promoted only for the approved indications and in accordance with the
provisions of the approved label. Further, manufacturers must continue to comply with cGMP
requirements, which are extensive and require considerable time, resources and ongoing investment
to ensure compliance. In addition, changes to the manufacturing process generally require prior FDA
approval before being implemented and other types of changes to the approved product, such as adding
new indications and additional labeling claims, are also subject to further FDA review and approval.

Manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacturing and distribution of approved
products are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, and are
subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance
with cGMP and other laws. The cGMP requirements apply to all stages of the manufacturing process,
including the production, processing, sterilization, packaging, labeling, storage and shipment of the
product. Manufacturers must establish validated systems to ensure that products meet specifications
and regulatory requirements, and test each product batch or lot prior to its release.

The FDA may withdraw a product approval or revoke a biologics license if compliance with
regulatory requirements is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market.
Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product may result in restrictions on the
product or even complete withdrawal of the product from the market. Further, the failure to maintain
compliance with regulatory requirements may result in administrative or judicial actions, such as
fines, untitled or warning letters, holds on clinical trials, product seizures, product detention or refusal
to permit the import or export of products, refusal to approve pending applications or supplements,
restrictions on marketing or manufacturing,
injunctions or civil or criminal penalties. We may
undertake or be required to undertake a product recall.

Patent Term Restoration and Marketing Exclusivity

Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of FDA approval of the use of our drug
candidates, some of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug
Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, commonly referred to as
the
Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent restoration term of up
to five years as compensation for patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory
review process. However, patent term restoration cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond
a total of 14 years from the product’s approval date. The patent term restoration period is generally
one-half the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of an NDA or BLA
plus the time between the submission date of an NDA or BLA and the approval of that application,
except that this review period is reduced by any time during which the applicant failed to exercise due
diligence. Only one patent applicable to an approved product is eligible for the extension and the
application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. The USPTO, in
consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or
restoration. In the future, if available, we intend to apply for restorations of patent term for some of
our currently owned patents beyond their current expiration dates, depending on the expected length
of the clinical trials and other factors involved in the filing of the relevant NDA or BLA; however,
there can be no assurance that any such extension will be granted to us.

— 172 —

