FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Revenue Recognition

Product Revenue

We recognize revenue when our customers obtain control of promised goods or services, in an
amount that reflects the consideration that the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods
or services. Product sales are typically recognized at a point in time upon the delivery and transfer of
the title of the product and associated risk of loss to the customer. Product sales are recorded net of
estimated rebates, estimated product returns and other deductions. Provisions for estimated reductions
to revenue are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded and are based on the sales
terms, historical experience and trend analysis.

Rebates are offered to distributors, consistent with pharmaceutical industry practices. We record
a provision for rebates at the time of sale based on contracted rates and historical redemption rates.
Assumptions used to establish the provision include the level of distributor inventories, sales volumes
and contract pricing and estimated acceptance of government pricing or reimbursement amounts (such
as provincial acceptance of the NRDL pricing in the PRC). We regularly review the information
related to these estimates and adjust the provision accordingly.

We base our sales returns allowance on estimated distributor inventories, customer demand as
reported by third-party sources, and actual returns history, as well as other factors, as appropriate. If
the historical data we use to calculate these estimates do not properly reflect future returns, then a
change in the allowance would be made in the period in which such a determination is made and
revenues in that period could be materially affected. Any changes from the historical trend rates are
considered in determining the current sales return allowance.

Collaboration Revenue

We recognize revenue from collaboration arrangements in accordance with ASC 606: Revenue
from Contracts with Customers, which require us to perform the following five steps: (i) identify the
contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine
the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract;
and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. We only apply
the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that we will collect the consideration it is entitled
to in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer.

Once the contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606 at inception, we assesses the
goods or services promised within each contract and determines those that are separate and distinct,
and therefore represent a separate performance obligation. We allocate the non-contingent
arrangement consideration to each identified performance obligation based on the relative standalone
selling price of each performance obligation. We then recognize as revenue the amount of the
arrangement consideration allocated to the respective performance obligation when (or as) the
performance obligation is satisfied, either at a point in time or over time depending on how the
respective performance obligation is satisfied. Typically, our collaboration agreements consist of two
performance obligations, which are license and research and development services. Upfront fee
allocated to the license is recognized at a point in time, upon the transfer of license, and upfront fee

— 297 —

