WAIVERS FROM COMPLIANCE WITH THE LISTING RULES AND EXEMPTIONS FROM

THE COMPANIES (WINDING UP AND MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS) ORDINANCE

share certificates to holders of Hong Kong listed shares (or CCASS holding on their behalf) and on
this basis failure to include this provision in its Articles should not materially detract from the rights
of the shareholders. We have therefore applied for, and the Stock Exchange has agreed to grant, a
waiver from the requirement set out in Paragraph 2(1) of Appendix 3 on the basis that we will put in
place alternative arrangements to ensure that all certificates for capital are issued under seal, including
by making arrangements with our Hong Kong Share Registrar to ensure that all certificates by them
are issued under seal.

As regards directors

Paragraph 4(2) of Appendix 3 provides that any person appointed by the directors to fill a casual
vacancy on or as an addition to the board shall hold office only until the next following annual general
meeting of the issuer, and shall then be eligible for re-election. Our Articles provide that our Directors
shall be subject to re-election every three years, and that our Directors may be removed by the
affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the votes cast at a shareholder meeting. The
Company has undertaken to the Stock Exchange to require Directors appointed to fill a casual vacancy
to retire and seek re-election at the next annual general meeting following their appointment. On the
basis that we have given an undertaking to the Stock Exchange to put in place alternative measures
that will result in the same outcome as required under the relevant provision, we have applied for, and
the Stock Exchange has agreed to grant, a waiver from the requirement set out in Paragraph 4(2) of
Appendix 3 for the reasons set out above.

Paragraph 4(3) of Appendix 3 and paragraph 5(1) of Part B of Appendix 13 provide that directors
may be removed at any time by ordinary resolution of the members. Under our Articles, any director
may be removed by a special resolution of the members. The Company has undertaken to the Stock
Exchange to put forth a resolution at the Next GM to revise the Articles so that an affirmative vote
of a majority of the then outstanding shares is required to remove a Director, and to amend an existing
provision in the Articles that restricts Shareholders from putting forth resolutions to remove Directors
so that there is no such restriction on Shareholders putting forth resolutions to remove Directors. On
the basis of this undertaking, and for the reasons set out above, we have applied for, and the Stock
Exchange has agreed to grant, a waiver from the requirement set out in Paragraph 4(3) of Appendix
3 and paragraph 5(1) of Part B of Appendix 13. For the avoidance of doubt, the affirmative vote
referenced in this paragraph is not the ordinaryresolution referred in the Articles of Association of the
Company.

Paragraph 5(2) of Part B of Appendix 13 provides that the articles of association shall restrict
least
the making of loans to directors and their close associates and shall
equivalent to the provisions of Hong Kong law prevailing at the time of the adoption of the articles
of association. Under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act to which our Company is subject, subject to certain
limited exceptions, it is unlawful for any public company, directly or indirectly, to extend or maintain
credit, or to arrange for the extension of credit, in the form of a personal loan to or for any director
or executive officer. These limited exceptions include certain home improvement and home finance
loans, extensions of consumer credit, open end credit plans, such as credit cards, charge cards and
margin loans by registered broker-dealers, in each case to the extent such loans are made by the public
company in the ordinary course of its business on market terms or terms no less favorable than those

import provisions at

— 114 —

