APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

The following is the text of a report received from the Company’s reporting accountant, Ernst
incorporation in this

for the purpose of

& Young, Certified Public Accountants, Hong Kong,
prospectus.

22nd Floor
CITIC Tower
1 Tim Mei Avenue
Central, Hong Kong

The Directors
BeiGene, Ltd.
Morgan Stanley Asia Limited
Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.

Dear Sirs,

We report on the historical financial information of BeiGene, Ltd. (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) set out on pages I-4 to I-96, which comprises the consolidated
balance sheets of the Group and the balance sheets of the Company as at December 31, 2016 and 2017
and March 31, 2018, and the consolidated statements of operations, statements of comprehensive loss,
statements of cash flows and statements of shareholders’ equity (deficit) of the Group for each of the
years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017, and the three months ended March 31, 2018 (the “Relevant
Periods”), and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information
(together, the “Historical Financial Information”). The Historical Financial Information set out on
pages I-4 to I-96 forms an integral part of this report, which has been prepared for inclusion in the
prospectus of the Company dated July 30, 2018 (the “Prospectus”) in connection with the initial listing
of the shares of the Company on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
“Stock Exchange”).

Directors’ responsibility for the Historical Financial Information

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the Historical Financial
Information that gives a true and fair view in accordance with basis of presentation and preparation
set out
in note II.2 to the Historical Financial Information, and for such internal control as the
directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the Historical Financial Information that
is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

Reporting accountants’ responsibility

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Historical Financial Information and to report
our opinion to you. We conducted our work in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Investment
Circular Reporting Engagements 200 Accountants’ Reports on Historical Financial Information in
Investment Circulars issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”).
This standard requires that we comply with ethical standards and plan and perform our work to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether
Information is free from material
misstatement.

the Historical Financial

— I-1 —

