HOW TO APPLY FOR HONG KONG OFFER SHARES

Subject

to arrangement on dispatch/ collection of share certificates and refund monies as
mentioned below, any refund cheques and share certificates are expected to be posted on or before
Tuesday, August 7, 2018. The right is reserved to retain any share certificate(s) and any surplus
application monies pending clearance of cheque(s) or banker’s cashier’s order(s).

Share certificates will only become valid at 8:00 a.m. Wednesday, August 8, 2018, provided that
the Global Offering has become unconditional and the right of
termination described in the
“Underwriting” section in this prospectus has not been exercised. Investors who trade shares prior to
the receipt of Share certificates or the Share certificates becoming valid do so at their own risk.

Personal Collection

(i)

If you apply using a WHITE Application Form

If you apply for 1,000,000 or more Hong Kong Offer Shares and have provided all information
required by your Application Form, you may collect your refund cheque(s) and/ or share certificate(s)
from the Hong Kong Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops
1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, from 9:00
a.m. to 1:00 p.m. on Tuesday, August 7, 2018 or such other date as notified by us in the newspapers.

If you are an individual who is eligible for personal collection, you must not authorise any other
person to collect for you. If you are a corporate applicant which is eligible for personal collection,
your authorised representative must bear a letter of authorisation from your corporation stamped with
your corporation’s chop. Both individuals and authorised representatives must produce, at the time of
collection, evidence of identity acceptable to the Hong Kong Share Registrar.

If you do not collect your refund cheque(s) and/ or share certificate(s) personally within the time
specified for collection, they will be despatched promptly to the address specified in your Application
Form by ordinary post at your own risk.

If you apply for less than 1,000,000 Hong Kong Offer Shares, your refund cheque(s) and/ or
share certificate(s) will be sent to the address on the relevant Application Form on or before Tuesday,
August 7, 2018, by ordinary post and at your own risk.

(ii)

If you apply using a YELLOW Application Form

If you apply for 1,000,000 Hong Kong Offer Shares or more, please follow the same instructions
as described above. If you have applied for less than 1,000,000 Hong Kong Offer Shares, your refund
cheque(s) will be sent to the address on the relevant Application Form on or before Tuesday, August
7, 2018, by ordinary post and at your own risk.

If you apply by using a YELLOW Application Form and your application is wholly or partially
successful, your share certificate(s) will be issued in the name of HKSCC Nominees and deposited
into CCASS for credit to your or the designated CCASS Participant’s stock account as stated in your
Application Form on Tuesday, August 7, 2018, or upon contingency, on any other date determined by
HKSCC or HKSCC Nominees.

— 379 —

