If you are in any doubt about any of the contents of this prospectus, you should obtain independent professional advice.

IMPORTANT

BeiGene, Ltd.

(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability

and trading as “百濟神州” or “百濟神州有限公司”)

GLOBAL OFFERING

Number of Offer Shares under the
Global Offering
Number of Hong Kong Offer Shares
Number of International Placing Shares

:

:
:

65,600,000 Shares (subject to the Over-allotment
Option)
5,904,000 Shares (subject to reallocation)
59,696,000 Shares (subject to reallocation and
the Over-allotment Option)

Maximum Offer Price (subject to a Downward
Offer Price Adjustment)

: HK$111.60 per Offer Share plus brokerage of
1%, SFC transaction levy of 0.0027% and the
Stock Exchange trading fee of 0.005% (payable
in full on application in Hong Kong dollars
subject to refund) (If the Offer Price is set at
10% below the bottom end of the indicative Offer
Price after making a Downward Offer Price
Adjustment, the Offer Price will be HK$85.00 per
Hong Kong Offer Share)

Joint Sponsors, Joint Global Coordinators, Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Managers

Nominal value
Stock code

: US$0.0001 per Share
:

6160

Joint Global Coordinators, Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Managers

Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Managers

(in alphabetical order)

Joint Lead Manager

Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited, The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited take no responsibility
for the contents of this prospectus, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever
arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this prospectus.
A copy of this prospectus, having attached thereto the documents specified in the section headed “Documents Delivered to the Registrar of Companies” in Appendix V,
has been registered by the Registrar of Companies in Hong Kong as required by section 342C of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance
(Chapter 32 of the Laws of Hong Kong). The Securities and Futures Commission and the Registrar of Companies in Hong Kong take no responsibility for the contents
of this prospectus or any other document referred to above.
The Offer Price is expected to be determined by agreement between the Joint Global Coordinators (on behalf of the Underwriters) and the Company on the Price
Determination Date. The Price Determination Date is expected to be on or around August 2, 2018 and, in any event, not later than August 7, 2018. The Offer Price will
be not more than HK$111.60 and is currently expected to be not less than HK$94.40, unless otherwise announced. If, for any reason, the Offer Price is not agreed by
August 7, 2018 between the Joint Global Coordinators (on behalf of the Underwriters) and the Company, the Global Offering will not proceed and will lapse.
The Joint Global Coordinators (on behalf of the Underwriters) may, with the Company’s consent, reduce the number of Offer Shares being offered under the
Global Offering and/or the indicative Offer Price range below that stated in this prospectus at any time on or prior to the morning of the last day for lodging
applications under the Hong Kong Public Offering. In such a case, an announcement will be published in the South China Morning Post (in English) and Hong
Kong Economic Times (in Chinese) and on the websites of the Stock Exchange at www.hkexnews.hk and the Company at www.beigene.com not later than the
morning of the day which is the last day for lodging applications under the Hong Kong Public Offering.
Prior to making an investment decision, prospective investors should consider carefully all of the information set out in this prospectus, including the risk factors set
out in the section headed “Risk Factors” in this prospectus. The obligations of the Hong Kong Underwriters under the Hong Kong Underwriting Agreement to subscribe
for, and to procure subscribers for, the Hong Kong Offer Shares, are subject to termination by the Joint Global Coordinators (on behalf of the Underwriters) if certain
events shall occur prior to 8:00 a.m. on the Listing Date. Such grounds are set out in the section headed “Underwriting” in this prospectus. It is important that you refer
to that section for further details.
The ADSs of the Company, each of which represents 13 ordinary shares, are listed for trading on the Nasdaq under the symbol “BGNE.” The last reported sale price of
the ADSs on the Nasdaq on July 25, 2018 was US$176.11 per ADS. Concurrently with the Global Offering, the Company plans to file a prospectus supplement with the
SEC to register the sale of up to 75,440,000 Shares under the U.S. Securities Act.
NEITHER THE SEC NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THESE SECURITIES OR DETERMINED IF
THIS PROSPECTUS IS TRUTHFUL OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.

July 30, 2018

