REGULATIONS

The Innovation Opinion also introduces a notification system for new drug clinical

trial
approval. In other words, trials can proceed if after certain fixed period of time (possibly 60 days),
the applicant has not received any objections from the CDE, as opposed to the lengthier current
clinical trial pre-approval process in which the applicant must wait for affirmative approval. The
Innovation Opinion also promises to expand the number of trial sites by truncating the timeline for
accreditation by converting it from a pre-approval procedure into a notification procedure. These
reforms will require implementing law and regulations in order to proceed in practice. The CDA
proposed implementing legislation in 2017 but it has not yet been finalized.

Human Genetic Resources Approval

According to the Interim Measures for the Administration of Human Genetic Resources (人類遺
傳資源管理暫行辦法), an additional approval
is required for any foreign companies or foreign
affiliates that conduct trials in China. Prior to entering into a clinical trial agreement and beginning
a trial, the parties to a clinical trial (i.e., the foreign sponsor and the Chinese clinical trial site) are
required to obtain a human genetic resources, or HGR, approval to collect any biological samples that
contain the genetic material of Chinese human subjects from the Ministry of Science and Technology,
and any cross-border
the samples or associated data requires additional approval.
Furthermore, one of the key review points for the HGR review and approval process is the IP sharing
arrangement between Chinese and foreign parties. The parties are required to share patent rights to
inventions arising from the samples. Conducting a clinical
in China without obtaining the
relevant HGR preapproval will subject the sponsor and trial site to administrative liability, including
confiscation of HGR (samples and associated data), and administrative fines.

transfer of

trial

Clinical Trial Process and Good Clinical Practices

Typically drug clinical trials in China have three phases. Phase 1 refers to the initial clinical
pharmacology and human safety evaluation studies. Phase 2 refers to the preliminary evaluation of a
drug candidate’s therapeutic efficacy and safety for target indication(s) in patients. Phase 3 (often the
pivotal study) refers to clinical trials to further verify the drug candidate’s therapeutic efficacy and
safety on patients with target indication(s) and ultimately provide sufficient evidence for the review
of drug registration application. The CDA requires that the different phases of clinical trials in China
receive ethics committee approval prior to approval of the CTA and comply with GCP. The CDA
conducts inspections to assess GCP compliance and will cancel the CTA if it finds substantial issues.

The CDA may reduce requirements for trials and data, depending on the drug and the existing
data. The CDA has granted waivers for all or part of trials, but it is now planning to take a more
official position on the acceptance of foreign data to support an application. The foreign data must
meet the CDA’s requirements, including, for drugs that have never been approved before in China,
having sufficient Chinese ethnic data. The precise requirements are not yet clear.

Unlike innovative drugs, generic small molecule drugs are required to conduct a bioequivalence
trial to demonstrate therapeutic equivalence to an originator drug marketed either in China or abroad
or an internationally accepted generic drug. The CDA has released catalogues of reference products,
and it released a first installment of a “marketed drug list” (China’s “Orange Book”) with information
about drugs that may serve as reference products.

— 181 —

