RISK FACTORS

Furthermore, although various extensions may be available, the life of a patent and the protection
it affords, is limited. For example, the approved cancer therapies we have licensed from Celgene in
China, ABRAXANE威, REVLIMID威 and VIDAZA威, face or are expected to face competition from
generic medications, and we may face similar competition for any approved drug candidates even if
we successfully obtain patent protection once the patent life has expired for the drug. Manufacturers
of generic drugs may challenge the scope, validity or enforceability of our patents in court, and we
may not be successful in enforcing or defending those intellectual property rights and, as a result, may
not be able to develop or market the relevant product exclusively, which would have a material adverse
effect on any potential sales of that product. The issued patents and pending patent applications, if
issued,
for our drug candidates are expected to expire on various dates as described in
“Business—Intellectual Property” of this prospectus. Upon the expiration of our issued patents or
patents that may issue from our pending patent applications, we will not be able to assert such patent
rights against potential competitors and our business and results of operations may be adversely
affected.

Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new
drug candidates, patents protecting such drug candidates might expire before or shortly after such drug
candidates are commercialized. As a result, our patents and patent applications may not provide us
with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours.
Moreover, some of our patents and patent applications are, and may in the future be, co-owned with
third parties. If we are unable to obtain an exclusive license to any such third-party co-owners’ interest
in such patents or patent applications, such co-owners may be able to license their rights to other third
parties,
including our competitors, and our competitors could market competing products and
technology. In addition, we may need the cooperation of any such co-owners of our patents in order
to enforce such patents against third parties, and such cooperation may not be provided to us. Any of
the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial
conditions, results of operations and prospects.

We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world.

Filing, prosecuting, maintaining and defending patents on drug candidates in all countries
throughout the world could be prohibitively expensive for us, and our intellectual property rights in
some non-U.S. countries can have a different scope and strength than do those in the United States.
In addition, the laws of certain non-U.S. countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the
same extent as U.S. federal and state laws do. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third
parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or
importing drugs made using our inventions in and into the United States or non-U.S. jurisdictions.
Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection
to develop their own drugs and further, may export otherwise infringing drugs to non-U.S.
jurisdictions where we have patent protection, but where enforcement rights are not as strong as those
in the United States. These drugs may compete with our drugs and drug candidates and our patent
rights or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or adequate to prevent them from
competing.

— 67 —

