BUSINESS

commercial health and accidental insurance for our employees. We have granted performance-based
cash bonuses to our executive officers. In addition, we have granted and plan to continue to grant
share-based incentive awards to our employees in the future to incentivize their contributions to our
growth and development.

None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining
agreement. We have never experienced any employment-related work stoppages, and we consider our
relations with our employees to be good.

Insurance

We maintain property damage and business interruption insurance coverage on our corporate,
development, research and manufacturing facilities in amounts we believe are reasonable. We hold
product liability coverage for our internally-develop drugs as well as public liability, and products and
completed operations liability coverage for our commercial products. In addition, we maintain
workers’ compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to
our employees resulting from the use of or exposure to hazardous materials. We do not maintain
key-man life insurance, or insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be
asserted against us in connection with our storage, use or disposal of biological or hazardous. We
believe the coverage of the insurance obtained by us is adequate and consistent with market practice
in China and in the United States for our business and operations.

During the Track Record Period, we did not make any material insurance claims in relation to
our business. See “Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Industry, Business and Operations —
Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our
costs and expenses.”

Properties

As of the Latest Practicable Date, through BeiGene Guangzhou Manufacturing, which is a wholly
owned subsidiary of our joint venture with Guangzhou Development District and its affiliate, GET, we
jointly owned one property in Guangzhou. The property is being used for the construction of a 24,000
liter commercial-scale biologics manufacturing facility with a total of gross
floor area of
approximately 100,000 square meters.

As of the Latest Practicable Date, we operated our businesses through 19 leased properties in
Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Suzhou, China, and in Emeryville and San Mateo, California,
Cambridge, Massachusetts, Fort Lee and Ridgefield, New Jersey and Basel, Switzerland. These
properties are used for non-property activities as defined under Rule 5.01(2) of the Listing Rules and
are principally used as office and manufacturing premises and for our business operations. We believe
that there is sufficient supply of properties in China. Furthermore, even if we experience temporary
interruption to our usage of any of our leased office, laboratory or manufacturing space, we believe
that our employees can continue to perform the material aspects of their duties remotely given that our
offices in other locations can adequately support the functioning of our business operations in areas
where we experience temporary office space interruptions. Therefore, we do not rely on the existing
leases for our business operations, and we do not believe a contingency relocation plan is required.

— 254 —

