BUSINESS

advancing one or more of our preclinical assets into the clinic in the next 12 months. We believe we
have the opportunity to combine tislelizumab with our preclinical candidates to target multiple points
in the cancer immunity cycle. We also may seek to develop companion diagnostics that will help
identify patients who are most likely to benefit from the use of our drug candidates.

Collaboration Agreements

Celgene Corporation

Exclusive License and Collaboration Agreement

On July 5, 2017, we entered into an Exclusive License and Collaboration Agreement, as amended
and restated, with Celgene and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Celgene Switzerland LLC, or Celgene
Switzerland, which became effective on August 31, 2017, pursuant to which we granted the Celgene
parties an exclusive right to develop and commercialize tislelizumab in all fields of treatment, other
than hematology, in the United States, Europe, Japan and the rest of world other than Asia, which we
refer to as the PD-1 License Agreement.

Pursuant

to the terms of the PD-1 License Agreement,

the Celgene parties made upfront
payments of US$263 million to us. In addition, pursuant to a share subscription agreement with
Celgene Switzerland dated July 5, 2017, or
the Share Subscription Agreement, we issued
approximately 32.7 million of our ordinary shares on August 31, 2017 for an aggregate purchase price
of US$150 million at $4.58 per ordinary share, or $59.55 per ADS, representing a 35% premium to
an 11-day volume-weighted average price of our ADSs. We may also receive up to US$980 million in
potential development,
regulatory and sales milestone payments and tiered royalties based on
percentages of annual net sales, depending on specified terms, in the low double digit to mid-twenties,
with customary reductions
in specified circumstances. Royalties are payable on a licensed
product-by-product and country-by-country basis until the latest of the expiration of the last valid
patent claim, the expiration of regulatory exclusivity, or 12 years after the first commercial sale of
such licensed product in the country of sale.

Each party has the right to develop and commercialize tislelizumab in its respective field and
territory, and has also agreed to collaborate through a joint steering committee comprised of an equal
number of representatives from each party on, among other things, the conduct of up to eight global
pivotal clinical trials, or the Basket Studies. Each Basket Study will be conducted and funded by either
us or Celgene in accordance with a mutually agreed development plan and study design. For any
Basket Studies conducted and funded by us, Celgene has the right to opt into such program, at which
time it will reimburse us for agreed upon development costs based on a multiple of such costs that
varies according to the stage of development at which Celgene opts into the program. Celgene has
committed to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop at least one licensed product, to seek
specified regulatory approvals and to spend at least US$100 million on development for the Basket
Studies led by Celgene, subject to specified conditions. In addition, we retain the right to develop
tislelizumab in combination therapies with our portfolio compounds, and Celgene has a right of first
negotiation for
to specified
conditions.

tislelizumab in the hematology field and in our

territory, subject

— 237 —

