REGULATIONS

Regulatory Intellectual Property Reforms

linkage system to protect

The Innovation Opinion also includes several intellectual property related reforms. First, it sets
forth the basic elements of a patent
in which a follow-on
applicant will be required to specify patents that are relevant to its application and notify relevant
patent holders (including, innovators) within a specified period after filing its application, permitting
them to sue to protect their rights. The system will require that the CDA continue to review the
potentially infringing follow-on application during any lawsuit by the innovator. However, the CDA
may not approve the follow-on application pending resolution of the patent litigation in favor of the
follow-on application or for a specified period of time, whichever is shorter. This reform will require
implementing regulations. To date, the CDA has not issued the relevant implementing regulations.

innovators,

The Innovation Opinion also lays the foundation for the establishment of a system for regulatory
data protection to protect innovators. Under this reform, when submitting an application for drug
registration, an applicant may also submit an application for the protection of its clinical trial data.
Such protection will be available to the undisclosed clinical
trial data of drugs falling into the
following categories:
treat orphan
diseases, pediatric drugs, and drugs for which there has been a successful patent challenge. During the
data protection period (the length has not yet been determined), marketing applications for the same
type of drugs submitted by any other applicant will not be approved, unless such applicant generates
the data by itself or obtains the consent the holder of the data.

innovative therapeutic biologics, drugs that

innovative drugs,

In addition, the Innovation Opinion introduces a patent term extension pilot program. The patent
term extension system will provide appropriate compensation of patent life when marketing of the
drug has been delayed due to delays related to clinical trials and review and approval procedures. To
date, there has been no proposal for implementing regulations related to regulatory data protection or
patent term extension.

Reimbursement under the national medical insurance program

China’s national medical insurance program was adopted pursuant to the Decision of the State
Council on the Establishment of the Urban Employee Basic Medical Insurance Program (國務院關於
建立城鎮職工基本醫療保險制度的決定) issued by the State Council on December 14, 1998, under
which all employers in urban cities are required to enroll
their employees in the basic medical
insurance program and the insurance premium is jointly contributed by the employers and employees.
The State Council promulgated Guiding Opinions of the State Council about the Pilot Urban Resident
Basic Medical Insurance (國務院關於開展城鎮居民基本醫療保險試點的指導意見) on July 10, 2007,
under which urban residents of the pilot district, rather than urban employees, may voluntarily join
Urban Resident Basic Medical Insurance. Participants of the national medical insurance program and
their employers, if any, are required to contribute to the payment of insurance premiums on a monthly
basis. Program participants are eligible for full or partial reimbursement of the cost of medicines
included in the NRDL. A pharmaceutical product listed in the NRDL must be clinically needed, safe,
effective, reasonably priced, easy to use, available in sufficient quantity.

— 185 —

