APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Key features of the Shareholder Loan

The Shareholder Loan bears simple interest at a fixed rate of 8% per annum. No interest payment
is due or payable prior to the repayment of the principal or the debt-to-equity conversion. The term
of the Shareholder Loan is 72 months, commencing from the actual drawdown date of April 14, 2017
and ending on April 13, 2023, unless converted earlier.

The Shareholder Loan may be repaid or converted, either partially or in full, to an additional
mid-single digit percentage equity interest in BeiGene Biologics prior to its maturity date, pursuant
to the terms of the JV Agreement. BeiGene Biologics has the right to make early repayment at any
time; provided, however, that if repayment is to occur before the debt-to-equity conversion it would
require written approval of both BeiGene Biologics and GET. Upon conversion of the Shareholder
Loan, GET will receive an additional equity interest in BeiGene Biologics, which will be based on the
formula outlined in the JV Agreement.

The Shareholder Loan can only be used by BeiGene Biologics, including the construction and
operation of the biologics manufacturing facility and research and development and clinical trials to
be carried out by BeiGene Biologics. If BeiGene Biologics does not use the Shareholder Loan
proceeds for the specified purposes, GET may be entitled to certain liquidated damages. In the event
of an early termination of the JV Agreement, the Shareholder Loan will become due and payable at
the time of termination of the JV Agreement.

Accounting for the Shareholder Loan

The Shareholder Loan is classified as a long-term liability and initially measured at the principal
of RMB900,000,000. Interest will be accrued based on the interest rate of 8% per annum. As the
Shareholder Loan may be share-settled by a number of shares with a fair value equal to a fixed
settlement amount, the settlement is not viewed as a conversion feature, but as a redemption feature
because the settlement amount does not vary with the share price. This in-substance redemption
feature does not require bifurcation because it is clearly and closely related to the debt host that does
not involves a substantial premium or discount. Since there is no conversion feature embedded in the
Shareholder Loan, no beneficial conversion feature was recorded. There are no other embedded
derivatives that are required to be bifurcated.

The portion of interest accrued on the Shareholder Loan related to borrowings used to construct
Interest —

the factory in Guangzhou is being capitalized in accordance with ASC 835-20,
Capitalization of Interest.

For the year ended December 31, 2017 and the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2018,
total interest expense generated from the Shareholder Loan was US$7,649,000, nil and US$3,280,000,
among which, US$614,000, nil and US$815,000 was capitalized.

— I-57 —

