INFORMATION ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS AND THE GLOBAL OFFERING

For illustrative purposes, a holder of Shares who wishes to deposit 1300 Shares into the ADS
program would incur a maximum charge of US$5.00 for the issuance to the holder of 100 ADSs and
between HK$2.50 to HK$20 (or such higher fee as may from time to time be permitted under the
Listing Rules) for each Share certificate transferred from the holder to the Depositary’s Custodian
with respect to the 1300 Shares. Conversely, a holder of ADSs who wishes to withdraw 1300 Shares
from the ADS program in exchange for 100 ADSs being cancelled would incur similar charges. In
addition to the above, holders of Shares and ADSs may also have to pay any applicable fee as stated
in the share transfer forms used in Hong Kong and any related brokerage commission.

If you hold “Restricted ADSs,” the withdrawal of the corresponding Shares upon presentation of
the “Restricted ADSs” for cancellation is subject to special procedures, the details of which may be
obtained from the Company or the Depositary. The registration of issuances and transfers of Shares
represented by “Restricted ADSs” is in the charge of the Cayman Registrar, Mourant Governance
Services (Cayman) Limited.

investors can instruct

the Depositary, who will

Upon the withdrawal of Shares from the ADS program and following payment of all fees, taxes
and charges,
the Depositary’s
Custodian, to deliver the Shares tradable in Hong Kong into a CCASS participant stock account. If
investors prefer to receive the Shares outside the CCASS, they must receive the Shares in CCASS first
and arrange for withdrawal from CCASS. Investors can then obtain a transfer form signed by HKSCC
Nominees Limited (as the transferor) and register the Shares in their own names with the Hong Kong
Share Registrar.

in turn instruct

PROFESSIONAL TAX ADVICE RECOMMENDED

Potential investors in the Global Offering are recommended to consult their professional advisers
if they are in any doubt as to the taxation implications of subscribing for, holding and dealing in the
Shares or exercising any rights attached to them. It is emphasised that none of the Company, the Joint
Sponsors,
the
Underwriters, any of their respective affiliates, directors, supervisors, employees, agents or advisers
or any other party involved in the Global Offering accepts responsibility for any tax effects on, or
liabilities of holders of the Shares resulting from the subscription, purchase, holding or disposal of the
Shares or exercising any rights attached to them.

the Joint Global Coordinators,

the Joint Lead Managers,

the Joint Bookrunners,

— 139 —

