BUSINESS

We have received results from independent review of the Phase 2 study in Chinese patients with
R/R MCL. The overall response met the pre-specified criteria for a positive trial. We had a pre-NDA
meeting with the CDA earlier this year and based on the feedback we received from the meeting, we
currently believe that, subject to the successful completion and satisfactory results of the trials, we are
on track to file the NDA for the treatment of R/R MCL in 2018.

In July 2018, zanubrutinib was granted Fast Track Designation by the FDA for the treatment of
patients with WM. Based on our discussions with the FDA, internal review of available data from our
global Phase 1 trial of zanubrutinib in patients with WM, and supported by the Fast Track Designation,
we are preparing to submit in the first half of 2019 an NDA to pursue an accelerated approval of
zanubrutinib for patients with WM based on results from the global Phase 1 study. The FDA’s Fast
Track program is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing new drugs that are
intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition for which there is no effective
treatment and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. A drug
candidate with a Fast Track designation may be eligible for more frequent communications with the
FDA, eligibility for Accelerated Approval and Priority Review (if relevant criteria are met), and
rolling review of the NDA.

BTK inhibitors reported approximately US$3.2 billion in global sales in 2017 and are projected
to reach US$17.8 billion in 2030 according to the Frost & Sullivan Report. According to the same
report, the class of BTK inhibitors is projected to represent a US$1.6 billion market in China in 2030.
We believe there is significant market opportunity given the potentially best-in-class profile and the
broad pivotal clinical program that we are currently conducting for zanubrutinib.

Tislelizumab. Tislelizumab is an investigational humanized PD-1 monoclonal antibody that
belongs to a class of immuno-oncology agents known as immune checkpoint inhibitors. Tislelizumab
is being developed as a monotherapy and in combination with other therapies for the treatment of a
broad array of solid tumors and hematologic cancers. As of July 5, 2018, we had enrolled more than
1,500 patients in clinical trials of tislelizumab. The preliminary data reported to date demonstrated
that tislelizumab was generally well-tolerated and exhibited anti-tumor activity in a variety of tumor
types. We had a pre-NDA meeting with the CDA, and based on the feedback we received from the
meeting, we believe we are on track to file the NDA in China in 2018 initially for the treatment for
HL.

We believe that PD-1/PD-L1 antibody therapies

represent a large market opportunity,
particularly in the favorably evolving China market. According to the Frost & Sullivan Report, the
worldwide annual sales of the PD-1/PD-L1 class reached US$10.1 billion in 2017 and are projected
to amount to US$78.9 billion worldwide and US$15.1 billion in China in 2030. We believe the China
market is particularly attractive, as currently available clinical data suggest that some of the most
prevalent cancers in China, such as lung, gastric, liver and esophageal cancers, are responsive to these
PD-1/PD-L1 antibody therapies.

— 204 —

