WAIVERS FROM COMPLIANCE WITH THE LISTING RULES AND EXEMPTIONS FROM

THE COMPANIES (WINDING UP AND MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS) ORDINANCE

offered to the general public. These exceptions are not applicable to our Company’s business and
therefore will not result in our Company’s non-compliance with the requirement of paragraph 5(2) of
Part B of Appendix 13. Loans in existence on July 30, 2002 are grandfathered so long as there is no
material modification to any term of these loans, including any renewal. Comparable protection is
therefore provided by this statute. We have therefore applied for, and the Stock Exchange has agreed
to grant, a waiver from the requirement set out in Paragraph 5(2) of Part B of Appendix 13 on the
condition that if in the future we cease to be listed on the Nasdaq and / or cease to be subject to the
provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (or any comparable provisions under applicable laws), we will
use our reasonable endeavors to amend our Articles as soon as practicable to comply with this
requirement.

Paragraph 5(3) of Part B of Appendix 13 provides that the articles of association shall contain
provisions requiring the directors to declare their material interests in any contracts with the issuer at
the earliest meeting of the Board of the issuer at which it is practicable for them to do so either
specifically or by way of a general notice stating that, by reason of facts specified in the notice, they
are to be regarded as interested in any contracts of a specified description which may subsequently
be made by the issuer. Under Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Company is required to and
has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to directors that requires the disclosure
of conflicts of interest promptly, which the Company believes is a higher standard than that provided
by the Articles Requirements as it would require Directors to notify the Board of any material interests
without delay,
irrespective of when the next meeting of the Board may be scheduled. We have
therefore applied for, and the Stock Exchange has agreed to grant, a waiver from the requirement set
out in Paragraph 5(3) of Part B of Appendix 13 on the condition that if in the future we cease to be
listed on the Nasdaq and / or cease to be subject to the provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (or any
comparable provisions under applicable laws), we will use our reasonable endeavors to amend our
Articles as soon as practicable to comply with this requirement.

Paragraph 5(4) of Part B of Appendix 13 provides that the articles of association shall stipulate
that the issuer in general meeting must approve the payment to any director or past director of any sum
by way of compensation for loss of office or as consideration or in connection with his retirement from
office (not being a payment to which the director is contractually entitled). Compensation of our
directors is approved by our independent Compensation Committee. The Company does not currently
provide for
retirement payments or benefits for directors. Moreover, comparable protection is
provided by Nasdaq Rule 5630(a) “Review of Related Party Transactions” which requires the
Company to conduct an appropriate review and oversight of all related party transactions for potential
conflict of interest situations on an ongoing basis by our audit committee or another independent body
of our Board. The Company will also be subject to the requirements of Chapter 14A with respect to
transactions with directors. Therefore, a comparable level of protection will be provided. We have
applied for, and the Stock Exchange has agreed to grant, a waiver from the requirement set out in
Paragraph 5(4) of Part B of Appendix 13 for the reasons set out above, and on the basis that the
Company has undertaken to the Stock Exchange to put forth a resolution at the Next GM to revise the
Articles so that any compensation for loss of office or as consideration in connection with their
retirement (not being a payment to which they are contractually entitled) is subject to the approval of
our Shareholders in general meeting.

— 115 —

