RISK FACTORS

Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various
procedural, document submission, fee payment, and other requirements imposed by
governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for
noncompliance with these requirements.

the lifetime of

Periodic maintenance fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to the USPTO and other patent
agencies in several stages over
the patent. The USPTO and various non-U.S.
governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee
payment, and other similar provisions during the patent application process. Although an inadvertent
lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the
applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of
the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant
jurisdiction. Noncompliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent
application include failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment
of fees, and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. In any such event, our
competitors might be able to enter the market, which would have a material adverse effect on our
business.

If we do not obtain patent term extension and data exclusivity for any drug candidates we may
develop, our business may be materially harmed.

term lost during clinical

Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of any FDA marketing approval of any drug
candidates we may develop, one or more of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term
extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Action of 1984, or Hatch
Waxman Amendments. The Hatch Waxman Amendments permit a patent extension term of up to five
years as compensation for patent
trials and the FDA regulatory review
process. A patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14
years from the date of drug approval, only one patent may be extended and only those claims covering
the approved drug, a method for using it, or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. However,
we may not be granted an extension because of, for example, failing to exercise due diligence during
the testing phase or regulatory review process, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing to
apply prior to expiration of relevant patents, or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable requirements.
Moreover, the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we
request. In addition, no patent term extension system has been established in the PRC beyond the new
pilot program, and implementation of the pilot program may not occur quickly. As a result, the patents
we have in the PRC are not yet eligible to be extended for patent term lost during clinical trials and
the regulatory review process. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or term of any such
extension is less than we request, our competitors may obtain approval of competing products
following our patent expiration, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and
prospects could be materially harmed.

— 71 —

