RISK FACTORS

discretion of the local government authorities and cannot be predicted with certainty before we
actually receive any financial
incentive. We generally do not have the ability to influence local
governments in making these decisions. Local governments may decide to reduce or eliminate
incentives at any time. In addition, some of the government financial incentives are granted on a
project basis and subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including compliance with the
applicable financial incentive agreements and completion of the specific project therein. We cannot
guarantee that we will satisfy all relevant conditions, and if we do so we may be deprived of the
relevant incentives. We cannot assure you of the continued availability of the government incentives
currently enjoyed by us. Any reduction or elimination of incentives would have an adverse effect on
our results of operations. Government grant and subsidies recognized in the income statement for the
years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017, and the three month periods ended March 31, 2018 and
2017 was US$1,363,000, US$20,957,000, US$154,000 and US$776,000, respectively.

The audit report included in our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC is prepared by
auditors who are not inspected fully by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or the
PCAOB, and, as such, investors are deprived of the benefits of such inspection.

As an auditor of companies that are publicly traded in the United States and a firm registered
with the PCAOB, Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP is required under the laws of the United States to
undergo regular inspections by the PCAOB. However, because we have substantial operations within
the PRC, a jurisdiction where the PCAOB is currently unable to conduct inspections without the
approval of the Chinese government authorities, our auditor and its audit work is not currently
inspected fully by the PCAOB.

Inspections of other auditors conducted by the PCAOB outside the PRC have at times identified
deficiencies in those auditors’ audit procedures and quality control procedures, which may be
addressed as part of the inspection process to improve future audit quality. The lack of PCAOB
inspections of audit work undertaken in the PRC prevents the PCAOB from regularly evaluating our
auditor’s audits and its quality control procedures. As a result, investors may be deprived of the
benefits of PCAOB inspections, and may lose confidence in our reported financial information and
procedures and the quality of our financial statements.

Proceedings instituted by the SEC against five PRC-based accounting firms, including our
independent registered public accounting firm, could result in our financial statements being
determined to not be in compliance with the requirements of the U.S. Exchange Act.

In December 2012, the SEC brought administrative proceedings against five accounting firms in
China, including our independent registered public accounting firm, alleging that they had refused to
produce audit work papers and other documents related to certain other PRC-based companies under
investigation by the SEC. On January 22, 2014, an initial administrative law decision was issued,
censuring these accounting firms and suspending four of these firms from practicing before the SEC
for a period of six months. The decision is neither final nor legally effective unless and until reviewed
and approved by the SEC. On February 12, 2014, four of these PRC-based accounting firms appealed
to the SEC against this decision. In February 2015, each of the four PRC-based accounting firms
agreed to a censure and to pay a fine to the SEC to settle the dispute and avoid suspension of their
ability to practice before the SEC. These firms’ ability to continue to serve all their respective clients

— 98 —

