APPENDIX IV

STATUTORY AND GENERAL INFORMATION

The Shares we issue pursuant to awards granted under the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan
will be authorized but unissued Shares or Shares that we reacquire. The Shares underlying any awards
that are forfeited, cancelled, held back upon exercise or settlement of an award to satisfy the exercise
price or tax withholding, reacquired by us prior to vesting, satisfied without any issuance of Shares,
expire or are otherwise terminated (other than by exercise) under the 2016 Share Option and Incentive
Plan will be added back to the Shares available for issuance under the 2016 Share Option and Incentive
Plan.

The 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan will be administered by the compensation committee.
The compensation committee has full power to select, from among the individuals eligible for awards,
the individuals to whom awards will be granted, to make any combination of awards to participants,
and to determine the specific terms and conditions of each award, subject to the provisions of the 2016
Share Option and Incentive Plan. Full and part-time officers, employees, non-employee directors and
other key persons (including consultants) as selected from time to time by our compensation
committee will be eligible to participate in the 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan. Our
compensation committee may determine at the time of grant any minimum period(s) for which a share
option must be held and/or any minimum performance target(s) that must be achieved, before the share
option can be exercised in whole or in part, and may include at the discretion of the our compensation
committee such other terms either on a case by case basis or generally.

The exercise price of each share option will be determined by our compensation committee but
may not be less than the higher of: (i) the closing price of a Share on the date of grant; and (ii) the
average closing price of the Shares for the five business days immediately preceding the day of grant.
The term of each share option will be fixed by our compensation committee and may not exceed 10
years from the date of grant. Any share option granted but not exercised by the end of its option term
will automatically lapse and be cancelled. Our compensation committee will determine at what time
or times each option may be exercised.

Our compensation committee may award share appreciation rights subject to such conditions and
restrictions as it may determine. Share appreciation rights entitle the recipient to ordinary shares, or
cash, equal to the value of the appreciation in our share price over the exercise price. The exercise
price of each share appreciation right may not be less than 100% of fair market value of the shares
on the date of grant.

Our compensation committee may award restricted shares or restricted share units to participants
subject to such conditions and restrictions as it may determine. These conditions and restrictions may
include the achievement of certain performance goals and/or continued employment or service with
us through a specified vesting period. Our compensation committee may also grant cash-based awards
to participants subject to such conditions and restrictions as it may determine. Our compensation
committee may also grant ordinary shares that are free from any restrictions under the 2016 Share
Option and Incentive Plan. Unrestricted ordinary shares may be granted to participants in recognition
of past services or for other valid consideration and may be issued in lieu of cash compensation due
to such participant.

— IV-17 —

