BUSINESS

We had over 500 clinical development staff and approximately 200 research staff as of July 20,
2018. We designate employees in our business units to our research and development projects based
on their credentials, areas of expertise and capacity.

Recruiting and retaining qualified scientific personnel is critical to our success. We have entered
into formal employment agreement with each member of our scientific team. The agreements provide
for at-will employment and base salary, cash incentives and equity compensation of various amounts
depending on the position of the employee. We also enter into non-disclosure and confidentiality
agreements with our scientific personnel. An employment agreement can be terminated by us or the
employee in accordance with local employment regulations. While we believe we don’t rely on any
single key scientific personnel, replacing key scientific personnel may be difficult and may take an
extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with the breadth
of
skills and experience required to successfully develop, gain regulatory approval of and
commercialize products. The loss of the services of our key research and development personnel could
impede the achievement of our research and development objectives. We have our internal succession
plan on each critical position in the research team, which helps ensure the continuity of product
development. Therefore, in the event of the departure of any of our scientific personnel, we believe
his or her duties and responsibilities can easily be shifted to other scientific personnel in similar
positions.

Customers

During the Track Record Period, we derived revenues only from the product distributor in China
in connection with our product sales, from Celgene in connection with our strategic collaboration for
tislelizumab entered into in 2017 and from Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany in connection with our
collaboration for pamiparib and lifirafenib. During the year ended December 31, 2017, we had only
three customers. We generated 90.0% of our revenues from upfront license fees, reimbursed research
and development expenses and milestone payments from our strategic collaboration with Celgene,
9.6% from our product distributor in China in connection with the sales of our drugs licensed from
Celgene and 0.4% from Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany in connection with our collaboration for
pamiparib and lifirafenib. During the year ended December 31, 2016, 100% of our revenues were
generated in connection with our collaboration agreements with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany for
pamiparib and lifirafenib. See “—Collaboration Agreements” for further details of our collaborations
with Celgene and Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany.

As of the Latest Practicable Date, none of our Directors or any Shareholder, who,

to the
knowledge of our Directors, owns more than 5% of our issued share capital immediately following
completion of the Global Offering (but without taking into account the exercise of the Over-allotment
Option) nor any of their respective associates had any interest in any of our five largest customers.

— 247 —

