RISK FACTORS

contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from
our use of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability
could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal
fines and penalties.

Although we maintain workers’ compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we
may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of or exposure to hazardous
materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not
maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in
connection with our storage, use or disposal of biological or hazardous materials.

In addition, we may be required to incur substantial costs to comply with current or future
environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations
may impair our research, development or production efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and
regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions.

Our internal computer systems, or those used by our CROs or other contractors or consultants,
may fail or suffer security breaches.

Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our
CROs and other contractors and consultants are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses and
unauthorized access. Although to our knowledge we have not experienced any material system failure
or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations,
it could result in a material disruption of our development programs and our business operations.

In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including, among
other things, legally protected patient health information, personally identifiable information about
our employees, intellectual property, and proprietary business information. We manage and maintain
our applications and data utilizing on-site systems and outsourced vendors. These applications and
data encompass a wide variety of business critical information including research and development
information, commercial information and business and financial information. Because information
systems, networks and other technologies are critical to many of our operating activities, shutdowns
or service disruptions at our company or vendors that provide information systems, networks, or other
services to us pose increasing risks. Such disruptions may be caused by events such as computer
hacking, phishing attacks,
ransomware, dissemination of computer viruses, worms and other
destructive or disruptive software, denial of service attacks and other malicious activity, as well as
power outages, natural disasters (including extreme weather), terrorist attacks or other similar events.
Such events could have an adverse impact on us and our business, including loss of data and damage
to equipment and data. In addition, system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and our
disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient to cover all eventualities. Significant events could
result in a disruption of our operations, damage to our reputation or a loss of revenues. In addition,
we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for any losses associated with such
events.

— 86 —

