RISK FACTORS

or generic drugs previously marketed abroad but not yet approved for marketing in China. Therapeutic
biologics follow a similar classification system. All of our internally developed drug candidates are
classified as Category 1 based on the respective clinical trial approval from the CDA, which is a
favored category for regulatory review and approval.

The CDA has adopted several mechanisms for expedited review and approval for drug candidates
that apply to Category 1 drug candidates. While we believe that the Category 1 designation of our
internally developed clinical stage drug candidates should provide us with a significant regulatory, and
therefore commercial, advantage over non-Chinese companies seeking to market products in China,
we cannot be sure that this will be the case. The pharmaceutical regulatory environment is evolving
quickly, and changes in laws, regulations, enforcement and internal policies could result
in the
“favored” status of Category 1 products changing, or being eliminated altogether or our products
classification in Category 1 changing. We cannot be certain that the advantages we believe will be
conferred by our Category 1 classifications will be realized or result in any material development or
commercial advantage.

The absence of patent-linkage, patent-term extension and data and market exclusivity for
CDA-approved pharmaceutical products could increase the risk of early generic competition with
our products in China.

In the United States, the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended by the law generally
referred to as “Hatch-Waxman,” provides the opportunity for patent-term restoration of up to five
years to reflect patent
term lost during certain portions of product development and the FDA
regulatory review process. Hatch-Waxman also has a process for patent linkage, pursuant to which
FDA will stay approval of certain follow-on applications during the pendency of litigation between the
follow-on applicant and the patent holder or licensee, generally for a period of 30 months. Finally,
Hatch-Waxman provides for statutory exclusivities that can prevent submission or approval of certain
follow-on marketing applications. For example, federal law provides a five-year period of exclusivity
within the United States to the first applicant to obtain approval of a new chemical entity (as defined)
and three years of exclusivity protecting certain innovations to previously approved active ingredients
where the applicant was required to conduct new clinical investigations to obtain approval for the
modification. Similarly, the Orphan Drug Act provides seven years of market exclusivity for certain
drugs to treat rare diseases, where FDA designates the drug candidate as an orphan drug and the drug
is approved for the designated orphan indication. These provisions, designed to promote innovation,
can prevent competing products from entering the market for a certain period of time after FDA grants
marketing approval for the innovative product.

In China, however,

there is no currently effective law or regulation providing patent

term
extension, patent linkage, or data exclusivity (referred to as regulatory data protection). Therefore, a
lower-cost generic drug can emerge onto the market much more quickly. Chinese regulators have set
forth a framework for integrating patent linkage and data exclusivity into the Chinese regulatory
regime, as well as for establishing a pilot program for patent term extension. To be implemented, this
framework will require adoption of regulations. To date, CDA has issued several draft implementing

— 47 —

