SUMMARY

Under IFRSs, deferred taxes are calculated based on the estimated tax deduction determined at
each reporting date. If the tax deduction exceeds cumulative compensation cost for an individual
award, deferred tax based on the excess is credited to shareholders’ equity. If the tax deduction is less
than or equal to cumulative compensation cost for an individual award, deferred taxes are recorded in
income statement.

See Note 39 to the Accountants’ Report in Appendix I to this prospectus for further details.

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS

In January 2018, we raised US$757.6 million in net proceeds in a follow-on public offering of
7,920,800 of our ADSs at a price to the public of US$101.00 per ADS. Each ADS represents 13
ordinary shares, par value US$0.0001 per share.

In January 2018, we entered into a commercial supply agreement

tislelizumab, our
investigational anti-PD-1 antibody, with Boehringer Ingelheim Biopharmaceuticals (China) Ltd., as
further described in “Business — CMO” of this prospectus.

for

In January 2018, we entered into an exclusive license agreement with Mirati for the development,
manufacturing and commercialization of Mirati’s sitravatinib in Asia (excluding Japan), Australia and
New Zealand, as further described in “Business — Our Pipeline and Commercial Products —
Sitravatinib (MGCD-0516), a Multi-Kinase Inhibitor” of this prospectus.

During the three months ended March 31, 2018, we announced the commercial availability of
VIDAZA威 in China and the approval of REVLIMID威 for newly diagnosed multiple myeloma in China.

During the three months ended March 31, 2018, we announced the initiation of global Phase 3
trials for tislelizumab in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma and with esophageal squamous cell
carcinoma, respectively.

In April and May 2018, we announced the initiation of a global Phase 2 trial of tislelizumab in
patients with previously treated advanced HCC, a global Phase 2 trial of tislelizumab in patients with
relapsed or refractory mature T- and NK-cell lymphomas, and a China Phase 3 trial of pamiparib in
Chinese patient with ovarian cancer.

In June 2018, we issued a press release providing a development update on zanubrutinib and
announcing clinical trial results on zanubrutinib from two poster presentations at the 23rd Congress
of
in Stockholm, Sweden. See “Business—Our
Clinical-Stage Drug Candidates” for more details on the development update on zanubrutinib.

the European Hematology Association (EHA)

In July 2018, we announced our plan to pursue accelerated approval in the U.S. of zanubrutinib
in WM, the Fast Track Designation by the FDA for the treatment of WM, and the completion of
enrollment
in WM. We also issued a press release providing
preliminary topline results of the pivotal trial in China for tislelizumab in cHL.

in a global Phase 3 clinical

trial

— 15 —

