DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Except as disclosed above, during the Track Record Period, no remuneration was paid to our
Directors as an inducement to join or upon joining our Group. Except for Mr. Qingqing Yi who waived
the receipt of director compensation in 2016, none of our Directors waived any emoluments during the
Track Record Period.

The five highest paid individuals of our Group for the financial years ended December 31, 2016
and 2017, included two Directors, respectively, whose remunerations are included in the aggregate
amount of fees, salaries, allowances and retirement benefits scheme contributions we paid to the
relevant Directors set out above.

For

the financial years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017,

the aggregate amount of
remuneration (including basic salaries, housing allowances, other allowances and benefits in kind,
contributions to pension plans and discretionary bonuses) for the remaining three highest paid
individuals who are neither a Director nor chief executive of our Group were US$2.56 million and
US$6.10 million, respectively.

During the Track Record Period, except for the payments described in the section headed
“Employment Agreements of Senior Management and Technical Staff” and a one-off payment of
US$100,000 to Dr. Jane Huang, M.D., no remuneration was paid to the five highest paid individuals
of our Group as an inducement
to join or upon joining our Group. Our Group made severance
payments in the aggregate amount of US$714,231 during the period from May 2016 to December 2017
to RuiRong Yuan, our former Chief Medical Officer and President of Global Clinical Research, whose
employment with our Group was terminated on April 11, 2016. Except as disclosed above, no
compensation was paid to or receivable by any Directors or past Directors during the Track Record
Period for the loss of any office in connection with the management of the affairs of any member of
our Group.

Except as disclosed above, no other payments have been paid or are payable in respect of the

Track Record Period to our Directors by our Group.

Under the arrangements currently in force, our Directors will be entitled to receive remuneration
and benefits in kind for their service as a director which, for the year ending December 31, 2018, is
expected to be approximately US$3.5 million in aggregate.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Audit Committee

Our audit committee is in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules and the Corporate
Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules, except for the terms of reference
required by paragraphs C.3.3 and C.3.7 of the Corporate Governance Code. However, the charter of
our audit committee complies with the rules of Nasdaq and the rules of the SEC. The primary duties
of the audit committee are, among other things, to monitor the integrity of our financial statements
and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements as they relate to our financial statements
and accounting matters, review the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting, and
review all related party transactions for potential conflict of interest situations and approving all such

— 334 —

