BUSINESS

Raw Materials and Suppliers

Raw materials

We currently have a facility that may be used as our clinical-scale manufacturing and processing
facility. We are also building manufacturing facilities in China. We obtain raw materials for our
manufacturing activities from multiple suppliers who we believe have sufficient capacity to meet our
demands. We have not yet caused our drug candidates to be manufactured or processed on a
commercial scale.

Raw materials/starting materials used in manufacturing at our facilities in Suzhou include active
pharmaceutical
ingredients custom-made by our CROs and excipients, which are commercially
available from well-known vendors that meet the requirements of the relevant regulatory agencies.
The core raw material to be used in manufacturing at our Guangzhou facility under construction is
expected to be a genetically modified cell line that we co-developed and licensed from Boehringer
Ingelheim.

We typically order raw materials on a purchase order basis and do not enter into long-term
dedicated capacity or minimum supply arrangements. We pay for our purchases of raw materials on
credit. Credit periods granted to us by our suppliers generally range from 30 to 60 days. Our suppliers
are generally not responsible for the defects of our finished products.

CROs

In line with industry practice, we also engaged certain CROs to conduct preclinical and clinical
research as well as clinical trials during the two years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017. We select
CROs based on various factors, including their quality, reputation and research experience. Our largest
five CROs are all leading global or Chinese CROs. They provide drug discovery and development
services to pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device, government and academic organizations in
China or throughout the world. We generally enter into master contract services agreements with the
CROs we engage, which include a statement of work specifying the terms of services provided by
CROs.

Key terms of an agreement that we typically enter into with a CRO are summarized as follows:

•

•

•

•

Services. The CRO provides preclinical and clinical research services or clinical
services as specified in the statement of work.

trial

Term. The CRO is required to provide the services within the prescribed time limit.

Payments. We are required to make payments to the CRO in accordance with the payment
schedule set forth in the statement of work.

Intellectual property rights. All intellectual property rights arising from or made in the
performance of the services will generally be owned by us.

— 248 —

