SUMMARY

RISK FACTORS

Our operations and the Global Offering involve certain risks and uncertainties, some of which
are beyond our control and may affect your decision to invest
in us and/or the value of your
investment. See the section headed “Risk Factors” for details of our risk factors, which we strongly
urge you to read in full before making an investment in our Shares. Some of the major risks we face
include:

•

•

•

•

•

•

•

•

We depend substantially on the success of our drug candidates, particularly zanubrutinib,
tislelizumab and pamiparib, which are in clinical development as monotherapies and in
combination. Clinical trials of our drug candidates may not be successful. If we are unable
to commercialize our drug candidates, or experience significant delays in doing so, our
business will be materially harmed.

If we are not able to obtain, or experience delays in obtaining, required regulatory
approvals, we will not be able to commercialize our drug candidates, and our ability to
generate revenue will be materially impaired.

Even if our drug candidates receives regulatory approval, they may fail to achieve the
degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the
medical community necessary for commercial success.

We are a globally focused biopharmaceutical company and have a limited operating history,
which makes
future
performance.

to evaluate our current business and predict our

it difficult

We have a history of incurring net losses and anticipate that we will continue to incur net
losses for the foreseeable future.

We will need to obtain additional financing to fund our operations, and if we are unable to
obtain
and
commercialization of our primary drug candidates.

financing, we may

complete

the

development

that

be

unable

to

If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our technology and drugs, our
competitors could develop and commercialize technology and drugs similar or identical to
ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our technology and drugs could be
adversely affected.

trials and
We rely on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical
manufacture our drugs and drug candidates. If these third parties do not successfully carry
out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain
regulatory approval for or commercialize our drugs and drug candidates and our business
could be substantially harmed.

— 21 —

