BUSINESS

We believe that we are uniquely positioned to capture this market opportunity because of our
broad clinical development program and growing commercial capabilities in China. As of July 20,
2018, we had initiated four global pivotal trials of tislelizumab and three pivotal trials in China. The
global pivotal trials are intended to support regulatory submissions globally and in China, and we and
Celgene expect to commence additional pivotal trials in 2018 and 2019. We believe that our broad
pivotal clinical program will enable wide reimbursement coverage for patients in China and allow us
to maximize the commercial opportunities for tislelizumab. In addition, we believe that our strategic
partnership with Celgene will further expand our development programs and help maximize the
commercial potential for tislelizumab across product combinations and global markets.

Robust Pipeline of Internally-Developed and In-Licensed Product Candidates

Beyond zanubrutinib and tislelizumab, we have an extensive pipeline of internally-developed
and in-licensed product candidates that we are developing as monotherapies and in combination with
other therapies. We have the internal capacity to develop both biologic and small-molecule drugs. Our
recent collaboration with Mirati for sitravatinib provides an example of our ability to supplement
internal research and development through external collaboration.

Pamiparib. We believe that pamiparib, a PARP1 and PARP2 inhibitor, has the potential to be
differentiated from other PARP inhibitors because of its potential brain penetration, high selectivity,
strong DNA-trapping activity and good oral bioavailability, based on pre-clinical data. In Phase 1/2
trials to date, it was demonstrated that pamiparib was generally well-tolerated and showed promising
anti-tumor activity in ovarian cancer, and initial data from the dose-escalation portion of the Phase 1
trial of tislelizumab in combination with pamiparib suggested that the combination was generally
well-tolerated and showed anti-tumor activity in multiple solid tumor types. We currently have a
pivotal Phase 2 trial in China in patients with germline BRCA-mutated ovarian cancer, a Phase 3 trial
in China as a potential maintenance therapy in patients with platinum-sensitive ovarian cancer, and a
global Phase 3 maintenance trial in patients with platinum-sensitive GC.

Other early-stage assets. We are pursuing the clinical development of other early-stage drug
candidates, advancing pre-clinical drug candidates toward clinical trials and developing additional
three internally-developed drug candidates,
novel drug candidates. For example,
lifirafenib,
BGB-A333, and BGB-A425 are in Phase 1 clinical development. Sitravatinib is
in clinical
development by Mirati for the treatment of NSCLC and other tumors, and avadomide (CC-122) is
currently in clinical development by Celgene for lymphomas and HCC.

— 205 —

