BUSINESS

In August 2017, we entered into a license and supply agreement with Celgene, pursuant to which
in China. See

we were granted a license to develop and commercialize avadomide (CC-122)
“—Collaboration Agreements—Celgene Corporation.”

Our Commercial Products

We commercialize the following cancer drugs in China under an exclusive license from Celgene.

ABRAXANE威

ABRAXANE威 (paclitaxel albumin-bound particles for injectable suspension) is a solvent-free
chemotherapy product which was developed using Celgene’s proprietary nab威 technology platform.
This protein-bound chemotherapy agent combines paclitaxel with albumin. Globally, ABRAXANE威 is
approved for uses in breast cancer, NSCLC, pancreatic cancer and GC with geographic differences in
labeling. In China, ABRAXANE威 is approved for metastatic breast cancer after failure of combination
chemotherapy for metastatic disease or relapse within six months of adjuvant chemotherapy. Prior
therapy should have included an anthracycline unless clinically contraindicated.

According to Chen et al. 2016, there were approximately 4.3 million new cancer cases and 2.8
million cancer deaths in China in 2015, with breast cancer as the most common tumor type in Chinese
women. It is estimated that in 2015 breast cancer affected 268,600 women and resulted in 69,500
deaths. Targeted therapy, hormone therapy and chemotherapy are three main strategies to treat
different types of breast cancer.

and/or

breast

progesterone-receptor-positive

Taxane is the backbone chemotherapy to treat triple negative breast cancer, Her2+ or aggressive
patients.
estrogen-receptor-positive
ABRAXANE威 is
the only currently approved taxane that does not need pre-medication of
dexamethasone to prevent hypersensitivity reactions, and several Phase 3 trials have demonstrated its
efficacy and safety compared to solvent-based taxanes in both metastatic breast cancer and
neo-adjuvant settings. Unlike other taxanes, ABRAXANE威 has demonstrated unique and strong
efficacy in pancreatic cancer and has become the backbone of first line standard of care for metastatic
pancreatic cancer globally.

cancer

The taxanes marketed in China include two branded solvent-based paclitaxel (TAXOL威 and
(LIPUSU), one
ANZATAX), one branded docetaxel
albumin-bound paclitaxel (ABRAXANE威) and dozens of generic taxanes. LIPUSU is currently the
market leader with approximately one-third of the value share.

(TAXOTERE威), one

lipsome-paclitaxel

In 2017, ABRAXANE威 held an estimated 5.4% value share in the taxane market in China. In
February 2018, a albumin-bound paclitaxel from CSPC Pharmaceutical Group was approved by the
CDA. Another form of albumin-bound paclitaxel from Hengrui is under review by the CDA.

— 234 —

