FINANCIAL INFORMATION

obligation. The Company only applies the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the
entity will collect the consideration it is entitled to in exchange for the goods or services it transfers
to the customer. At contract inception, once the contract is determined to be within the scope the
Revenue ASUs,
the Company assesses the goods or services promised within each contract and
determines those that are performance obligations, and assesses whether each promised good or
service is distinct. The Company then recognizes as revenue the amount of the transaction price that
is allocated to the respective performance obligation when (or as) the performance obligation is
satisfied. The impact to the Company on adoption of the Revenue ASUs related primarily to variable
consideration related to its collaboration agreement with Celgene and the anticipated opt-in to certain
clinical trials that are to be run by the Company, and funded by Celgene.

The Company has accounted for the variable consideration under the Celgene collaboration in
accordance with the Revenue ASUs. For the year ended December 31, 2017, under the Revenue ASUs,
the variable consideration related to Celgene’s opt-in to certain clinical trials was not constrained, and
therefore the related research and development reimbursement revenue of $16.3 million is reflected
in the period in this prospectus.

In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity
the income tax
Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory, which requires the recognition of
consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset, other than inventory, when the transfer occurs. In
2017, BeiGene HK’s contribution of BeiGene Shanghai to BeiGene Biologics (and subsequent receipt
of a related government grant)
resulted in tax expenses of US$26.1 million. Subsequently, a
government subsidy of US$10.0 million related to the tax expenses was received and partially offset
by the relevant income tax expense of US$2.5 million. Assuming early adoption of ASU 2016-16, both
intra-entity transfers are recognized in the statement of operating for the year ended December 31,
2017 and are therefore reflected accordingly in this prospectus.

— 266 —

