INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

The information and statistics set out in this section and other sections of this prospectus were
extracted from different official government publications, available sources from public market
research and other sources from independent suppliers. In addition, we engaged Frost & Sullivan
to prepare the Frost & Sullivan Report, an independent industry report, in connection with the
Global Offering. We believe that the sources of the information in this section and other sections
of this prospectus are appropriate sources for such information, and we have taken reasonable care
in extracting and reproducing such information. We have no reason to believe that such information
is false or misleading in any material respect or that any fact has been omitted that would render
such information false or misleading in any material respect. The information from official and
non-official sources has not been independently verified by us, the Joint Global Coordinators, Joint
Sponsors, Joint Bookrunners, Joint Lead Managers, any of
their
respective directors and advisers, or any other persons or parties involved in the Global Offering,
and no representation is given as to its accuracy. Accordingly, the information from official and
non-official sources contained herein may not be accurate and should not be unduly relied upon.
We confirm that, after making reasonable enquiries, there is no adverse change in the market
information since the date of the Frost & Sullivan Report that would qualify, contradict or have an
impact on the information in this section in any material respect. Unless otherwise noted, the
amounts related to market size in China in this section used an exchange rate of USD1 = RMB6.5.

the Underwriters, any of

OVERVIEW OF THE ONCOLOGY DRUG MARKET

Global Oncology Drug Market

The pharmaceutical industry is the commercial industry that discovers, develops, manufactures
and markets medicines. The global pharmaceutical market is large, with revenues of US$1,209 billion
in 2017 that are expected to grow to US$2,457 billion by 2030. The global oncology drug market is
the sector of the pharmaceutical market that focuses on medicines for the treatment of cancer. In 2017,
the global oncology drug market generated revenues of US$111 billion, accounting for 9.1% of the
global pharmaceutical market. The market
is expected to grow at a higher rate than the overall
pharmaceutical market, primarily driven by scientific advancements, new therapy launches and an
increasing aging population. Global oncology drug market revenues are expected to reach US$407

— 149 —

