APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

The Group acts as the principal under

its collaboration arrangements, and research and
development services are also part of its ongoing major or central operations. The Group recognizes
the deferred consideration allocated to research and development services as collaboration revenue
when delivery or performance of such services occurs.

Product development, royalties and commercial event payments (collectively, “target payments”)
under collaborative arrangements are triggered either by the results of the Group’s research and
development efforts, achievement of regulatory goals or by specified sales results by a third-party
collaborator. Under ASC 605-28, Milestone Method of Revenue Recognition, an accounting policy
election can be made to recognize a payment that is contingent upon the achievement of a substantive
milestone in its entirety in the period in which the milestone is achieved. The Group elected not to
adopt the milestone method of revenue recognition under ASC 605-28.

Targets related to the Group’s development-based activities may include initiation of various
phases of clinical trials and applications and acceptance for product approvals by regulatory agencies.
Due to the uncertainty involved in meeting these development-based targets, the Group would account
for development-based targets as collaboration revenue upon achievement of
the respective
development target. Royalties based on reported sales of licensed products will be recognized as
collaboration revenue based on contract
terms when reported sales are reliably measurable and
collectability is reasonably assured. Targets related to commercial activities may be triggered upon
events such as first commercial sale of a product or when sales first achieve a defined level. Since
these targets would be achieved after the completion of the Group’s development activities, the Group
would account for the commercial event targets in the same manner as royalties, with collaboration
revenue recognized upon achievement of the target.

Research and development expenses

expenses

represent

costs

associated with the

Research and development

collaborative
arrangements, which primarily include (i) payroll and related costs
(including share-based
compensation) associated with research and development personnel, (ii) costs related to clinical trials
and preclinical testing of the Group’s technologies under development, (iii) costs to develop the
product candidates, including raw materials and supplies, product testing, depreciation, and facility
related expenses,
research services provided by universities and contract
laboratories, including sponsored research funding, and (v) other research and development expenses.
Research and development expenses are charged to expense as incurred when these expenditures relate
to the Group’s research and development services and have no alternative future uses.

(iv) expenses

for

Clinical

trial costs are a significant component of the Group’s research and development
expenses. The Group has a history of contracting with third parties that perform various clinical trial
activities on behalf of the Group in the ongoing development of the Group’s product candidates.
Expenses related to clinical trials are accrued based on the Group’s estimates of the actual services
performed by the third parties for the respective period. If the contracted amounts are modified (for
instance, as a result of changes in the clinical trial protocol or scope of work to be performed), the
Group will modify the related accruals accordingly on a prospective basis. Revisions in the scope of

— I-26 —

