BUSINESS

least one prior

therapy. Since 2013,

The BTK inhibitor ibrutinib was first approved by the FDA in 2013 for the treatment of patients
with MCL, who have received at
ibrutinib has received
supplemental FDA approvals for the treatment of patients with CLL, CLL patients with 17p deletion,
patients with WM, patients with MZL, who have received at least one prior anti-CD20-based therapy,
and patients with chronic graft versus host disease after failure of one or more lines of systemic
therapy. Ibrutinib is also approved by the EMA for the treatment of patients with MCL, CLL or WM.
Ibrutinib has been approved in over 80 countries and regions, and it was approved and launched in
China at the end of 2017. In 2017, global revenues for BTK inhibitors were approximately US$3.2
billion. Another BTK inhibitor, CALQUENCE威 (acalabrutinib) was approved by the FDA in 2017
under accelerated approval for the treatment of patients with MCL who have received at least one prior
therapy. The table below summarizes the China competitive landscape of zanubrutinib, according to
the Frost & Sullivan Report.

BTK Competitive Landscape in China (Late-Stage)

Mechanism: Bruton’s tyrosine kinase plays a role in signaling through the B-cell surface receptors which results in activation of
pathways necessary for B-cell trafficking, chemotaxis, and adhesion. Nonclinical studies show that BTK inhibition could inhibit

malignant B-cell proliferation and survival.

Products

Products

(generic name)

(brand name)

Company

CDA Status

Lead

Indications

Reimbursement

U.S. Patent
Exclusivity

Generic
Versions

ibrutinib

IMBRUVICA威

Pharmacyclics,
J&J, AbbVie

Approved
(2017.11)

R/R CLL/SLL
and R/R MCL

Zhejiang CII

2027

zanubrutinib
(BGB-3111)

NA

BeiGene

Pivotal PhII

R/R CLL/SLL,

NA

2034

R/R MCL,

WM

acalabrutinib

CALQUENCE威

Acerta,

CTA submitted

AstraZeneca

(2018.6)

Early phase

NA

2032

NA

NA

NA

Abbreviations: CII = Critical Illness Insurance; CTA = Clinical trial application; NA = not applicable

Summary of Clinical Results

As of July 5, 2018, we have enrolled more than an aggregate of 1,200 patients in clinical trials
of zanubrutinib, including trials of zanubrutinib in combination with other therapies, which we refer
to as combination trials. A multi-center, open-label Phase 1 trial is being conducted in Australia, New
Zealand, the United States, South Korea and European countries to assess the safety, tolerability,
pharmacokinetic properties and preliminary activity of zanubrutinib as a monotherapy in patients with
different subtypes of B-cell malignancies, such as WM, CLL/SLL, FL, and MCL. The initial results
of the dose-escalation phase and dose-expansion phase of this trial, as shown in the chart below,
demonstrated that, consistent with zanubrutinib’s pharmacokinetic profile, complete and sustained
24-hour BTK occupancy in the blood was observed in all tested patients, starting at the lowest dose
of 40 mg once daily. In addition, sustained full BTK occupancy was observed in the lymph nodes
especially for the 160 mg twice daily dosing regimen. There is no guarantee that these results will be
reproduced in pivotal trials.

— 211 —

