RISK FACTORS

license, we will achieve the revenue or specific net

As a result, we may not be able to realize the benefit of current or future collaborations, strategic
partnerships or the license of our third-party drugs if we are unable to successfully integrate such
products with our existing operations and company culture, which could delay our timelines or
otherwise adversely affect our business. We also cannot be certain that, following a strategic
transaction or
justifies such
transaction. If we are unable to reach agreements with suitable collaborators on a timely basis, on
acceptable terms, or at all, we may have to curtail the development of a drug candidate, reduce or
delay its development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay its potential
commercialization or
increase our
expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we
elect to fund and undertake development or commercialization activities on our own, we may need to
obtain additional expertise and additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable
terms or at all. If we fail to enter into collaborations and do not have sufficient funds or expertise to
undertake the necessary development and commercialization activities, we may not be able to further
develop our drug candidates or bring them to market and generate product sales revenue, which would
harm our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities, or

income that

If we fail to maintain an effective distribution channel for our products, our business and sales
of the relevant products could be adversely affected.

We rely on a third-party distributor

to distribute Celgene’s approved cancer

therapies,
ABRAXANE威, REVLIMID威 and VIDAZA威. Our ability to maintain and grow our business will depend
on our ability to maintain an effective distribution channel that ensures the timely delivery of our
products to the relevant markets where we generate market demand through our sales and marketing
activities. However, we have relatively limited control over our distributor, who may fail to distribute
our products in the manner we contemplate. While we have long-standing business relationship with
our distributor, the agreement we entered into with our distributor can be terminated by both parties
upon six months’ written notice. If PRC price controls or other factors substantially reduce the
margins our distributor can obtain through the resale of our products to hospitals, medical institutions
and sub-distributors, it may terminate its relationship with us. As of the Latest Practicable Date, we
rely on one distributor to distribute our products. While we believe alternative distributors are readily
available in China, there is a risk that, if the distribution of our drugs is interrupted, our sales volumes
and business prospects could be adversely affected.

We may be restricted from transferring our scientific data abroad.

On March 17, 2018, the General Office of the State Council promulgated the Measures for the
Management of Scientific Data (《科學數據管理辦法》), or the Scientific Data Measures, which
provides a broad definition of scientific data and relevant rules for the management of scientific data.
According to the Scientific Data Measures, enterprises in China must seek governmental approval
before any scientific data involving a state secret may be transferred abroad or to foreign parties.
Further, any researcher conducting research funded at least in part by the Chinese government is
required to submit relevant scientific data for management by the entity to which such researcher is
affiliated before such data may be published in any foreign academic journal. Given the term state
secret is not clearly defined, if and to the extent our research and development of drug candidates will
be subject
laws as required by the relevant

to the Scientific Data Measures and any subsequent

— 80 —

