RISK FACTORS

We have incurred significant net losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue
to incur net losses for the foreseeable future and may never become profitable.

Investment

in pharmaceutical drug development

is highly speculative. It entails substantial
upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that a drug candidate will fail to gain regulatory
approval or become commercially viable. We continue to incur significant expenses related to our
ongoing operations. As a result, we have incurred losses in each period since our inception, except in
the third quarter of 2017, when we were profitable due to revenue recognized from an up-front license
fee from Celgene. As of December 31, 2017 and March 31, 2018, we had an accumulated deficit of
US$333.4 million and US$438.0 million, respectively. Substantially all of our operating losses have
resulted from costs incurred in connection with our research and development programs and from
selling, general and administrative expenses associated with our operations.

We expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future, and we expect these losses to
increase as we continue and expand our development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our drug
candidates, and continue to commercialize the drugs that we have licensed from Celgene in China and
any other drugs that we may successfully develop or license. Typically, it takes many years to develop
one new drug from the time it is discovered to when it is available for treating patients. In addition,
we will continue to incur costs associated with operating as a public company in the United States and
will start incurring costs associated with being a public company in Hong Kong after the Global
Offering. We will also incur costs in support of our growth as a commercial-stage global
biopharmaceutical company. The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the number and
scope of our drug development programs and the associated costs of those programs, the cost of
commercializing any approved products, our ability to generate revenues and the timing and amount
of milestones and other payments we make or receive with arrangements with third parties. If any of
our drug candidates fail in clinical trials or do not gain regulatory approval, or if approved, fail to
achieve market acceptance, we may never become profitable. Even if we achieve profitability in the
future, we may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. Our failure to become and
remain profitable would decrease the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise
capital, maintain our
research and development efforts, expand our business or continue our
operations.

We will need to obtain additional financing to fund our operations, and if we are unable to
obtain that financing, we may be unable to complete the development and commercialization of
our primary drug candidates.

Our drug candidates will require the completion of clinical development, regulatory review,
significant marketing efforts and substantial investment before they can provide us with product sales
revenue. Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. Our operating
activities provided US$12.8 million and used US$89.5 million of net cash during the years ended
December 31, 2017 and 2016, and used US$104.5 million and US$35.7 million of net cash during the
three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. We recorded negative net cash flows from
operating activities in 2016 primarily due to our net loss of US$119.2 million. Although we recorded
positive net cash flows from operating activities in 2017, we cannot assure you that we will be able
to generate positive cash flows from operating activities in the future. Our liquidity and financial
condition may be materially and adversely affected by the negative net cash flows, and we cannot

— 61 —

