DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Under our independent director compensation policy, upon initial election or appointment to the
Board each independent Director will receive an initial equity grant (the “Initial Grant”) with an initial
value of US$300,000 on the grant date, pro-rated based on the number of calendar days to be served
from the grant date until the first anniversary of the most recent annual general meeting.

In addition, on the date of the Company’s annual general meeting, each continuing independent
Director who is eligible to receive awards will receive an annual equity grant (the “Annual Grant”)
with an initial value of US$300,000 on the date of grant.

Each of the Initial Grant and the Annual Grant (together, the “Equity Awards”) shall consist of
50% restricted share units (“RSUs”) and 50% share options (“Options”). The number of RSUs awarded
with respect to an Initial Grant or Annual Grant will be 50% of the applicable grant value divided by
the fair market value per share of the Company’s shares on the date of grant, and the number of
Options will be 50% of the applicable grant value divided by the per share option value on the date
of grant determined in accordance with the Company’s standard option valuation practices. The
Options will have an exercise price equal to the fair market value per share of the Company’s shares
on the date of grant. The Equity Awards shall be governed by, and subject to the terms and conditions
of, the Company’s 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan (as may be amended from time to time) and
standard form of grant agreements in effect on the date of grant. In addition, the Equity Awards shall
vest in full upon the earlier to occur of the first anniversary of the date of grant or the date of the next
annual general meeting; provided, however, that all vesting shall cease if the Director resigns from the
Board or otherwise ceases to serve as a Director other than as set forth below or the Board determines
that the circumstances warrant continuation of vesting. In addition, all Options shall be exercisable for
three years following cessation of service, and all Equity Awards shall accelerate in full upon (i) death,
(ii) disability, (iii) termination of service in connection with a change of control of the Company, or
(iv) upon a change of control of the Company if the director’s service continues and the awards are
not assumed by the acquiror at the time of the change of control.

The value of all Equity Awards and other cash compensation paid to each independent Director

for their service as an independent Director may not exceed US$500,000 in any calendar year.

The foregoing Equity Awards shall be subject

to the terms of the 2016 Share Option and

Incentive Plan.

We also reimburse all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by independent directors in

attending Board and committee meetings.

The aggregate amount of remuneration (including basic salaries, housing allowances, other
allowances and benefits in kind, contributions to pension plans and discretionary bonuses) for our
Directors for the financial years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017 was approximately US$2 million
and US$5.68 million, respectively. Further information on the remuneration of each Director and chief
executive during the Track Record Period is set out in Appendix I.

— 333 —

