RISK FACTORS

The characteristics of the U.S. capital markets and the Hong Kong capital markets are different.

trading hours,

The Nasdaq and the Stock Exchange have different

trading characteristics
(including trading volume and liquidity),
trading and listing rules, and investor bases (including
different levels of retail and institutional participation). As a result of these differences, the trading
prices of our ordinary shares and the ADSs representing them might not be the same, even allowing
for currency differences. Fluctuations in the price of our ADSs due to circumstances peculiar to its
home capital market could materially and adversely affect the price of the ordinary shares. Because
of the different characteristics of the U.S. and Hong Kong equity markets, the historic market prices
of our ADSs may not be indicative of the performance of our securities (including the ordinary shares)
after the Global Offering.

We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management
attention.

Companies that have experienced volatility in the volume and market price of their shares have
been subject to an increased incidence of securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this
type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and
divert our management’s attention from other business concerns, and, if adversely determined, could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Future sales of our ordinary shares and/or the ADSs in the public market could cause the
ordinary share and/or ADS price to fall.

Our ordinary share and/or ADS price could decline as a result of sales of a large number of
ordinary shares and/or the ADSs or the perception that these sales could occur. These sales, or the
possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities
in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate.

As of May 4, 2018, we had 698,883,853 ordinary shares outstanding, of which 495,841,346
ordinary shares were held in the form of 38,141,642 ADSs. Of this amount, 32,746,416 ordinary shares
issued to Celgene are subject to a lock-up until September 1, 2018. We have also granted certain
registration rights with respect to the shares issued to Celgene in the event that they are not eligible
for sale under Rule 144.

In connection with the Global Offering, our Directors and executive officers, certain trusts and
parties affiliated with such Directors and officers and certain holders of our shares have signed
lock-up agreements. See “Underwriting — Underwriting Arrangements and Expenses — Lock-up —
Undertakings by our Directors and Senior Management.” Upon completion of the Global Offering,
assuming the underwriters do not exercise their option to purchase additional shares, approximately
81.7% of our outstanding ordinary shares immediately after the Global Offering will not be subject
to lock-up agreements and sold to the public after the Global Offering from time to time.

We filed a registration statement with the SEC on behalf of certain shareholders, registering
299,279,370 ordinary shares in the form of 23,021,490 ADSs to be resold by the selling shareholders
identified therein and in any related prospectus supplement from time to time. Furthermore, we have

— 101 —

