APPENDIX I

Senior promissory note

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

On February 2, 2011, the Company issued a senior promissory note to Merck Sharp & Dohme
Research GmbH (“Merck Sharp”), an entity that is unaffiliated with Merck KGaA, with a principal
amount of US$10,000,000 (the “Senior Promissory Note”). The Senior Promissory Note bears an
interest of 8% compounding per annum and has a term of five years. The Company may elect to repay
in whole or in part on the outstanding principal and accrued interest any time prior to the maturity of
the Senior Promissory Note.

In the event of (A) any voluntary dissolution, winding up the Company, (B) any material
representation or warranty made by the Company was untrue; (C) a material breach or violation of any
other covenant, agreement or condition by the Company which is not cured within ten business days;
(D) any acceleration of indebtedness of the Company as a result of a default of any agreement; (E)
the Company admits in writing its inability to repay its debts as they become due; (F) the Company
commences any proceeding seeking reorganization or
(G) any proceeding is
commenced against the Company to have an order for relief entered against it as debtor or seeking
reorganization or liquidation (the “Events of Default”), the outstanding principal and accrued interest
of the Senior Promissory Note will become due and payable in full. The Senior Promissory Note was
initially recorded as a long-term liability carried at amortized cost of US$10,000,000 and subsequently
accreted to the amount payable upon maturity using the effective interest method. Interest accrued as
of December 31, 2015 amounted to US$4,598,000.

liquidation; or

On January 26, 2016, the Company entered into a note amendment and exchange agreement with
Merck Sharp, pursuant to which, the maturity date of the Senior Promissory Note was extended to May
2, 2016 from February 2, 2016. In addition, if the US IPO occurred on or prior to May 2, 2016, subject
to certain limitations, the outstanding unpaid principal and interest of the Senior Promissory Note as
of the effectiveness date of the Company’s US IPO (the “Exchanged Balance”) would be automatically
exchanged, effective immediately prior to the closing of the US IPO, into up to a number of the
Company’s ordinary shares equal to the quotient of (1) the Exchanged Balance divided by (2) the per
ordinary share public offering price in the US IPO. The amendments and subsequent extinguishment
of the Senior Promissory Note did not result in any gain or loss since the conversion rate was set at
the US IPO Price.

On February 8, 2016, the outstanding unpaid principal and interest of the Senior Promissory Note
of carrying value of US$14,693,000 were exchanged into 7,942,314 ordinary shares, computed at the
US IPO Price of US$1.85 per ordinary share and the related carrying value of US$14,693,000 was
reclassified from current liability to shareholders’ equity. Hence the balance of Senior Promissory
Note bacame nil as at Decemberr 31, 2016.

— I-79 —

