RISK FACTORS

case our future acquisitions in the PRC, including those by way of entering into contractual control
arrangements with target entities, may be closely scrutinized or prohibited. Our ability to expand our
business or maintain or expand our market share through future acquisitions would as such be
materially and adversely affected.

If we fail to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other anti-bribery laws, our
reputation may be harmed and we could be subject to penalties and significant expenses that
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA. The FCPA generally prohibits us
from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining
business. We are also subject to the anti-bribery laws of other jurisdictions, particularly China. As our
business has expanded, the applicability of the FCPA and other anti-bribery laws to our operations has
increased.

We do not fully control the interactions our employees, distributors and third-party promoters
have with hospitals, medical institutions and doctors, and they may try to increase sales volumes of
our products through means that constitute violations of the PRC anti-corruption and other related
laws. If our employees, distributors or third-party promoters engage in corrupt or other improper
conduct that results in violation of applicable anti-corruption laws in the PRC or other jurisdictions,
our reputation could be harmed. Furthermore, we could be held liable for actions taken by our
employees, distributors or third-party promoters, which could expose us to regulatory investigations
and penalties.

Our procedures and controls to monitor anti-bribery compliance may fail to protect us from
reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents. If we, due to either our own deliberate
or inadvertent acts or those of others, fail to comply with applicable anti-bribery laws, our reputation
could be harmed and we could incur criminal or civil penalties, other sanctions and/or significant
expenses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
including our financial
condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects.

If we or our CROs or CMOs fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and
regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a
material adverse effect on the success of our business.

We and third parties, such as our CROs or CMOs, are subject to numerous environmental, health
and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling,
use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. In addition, our construction
projects can only be put
into operation after certain regulatory procedures with the relevant
administrative authorities in charge of environmental protection, health and safety have been
completed. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals
and biological materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste products. We generally contract
with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes. We cannot eliminate the risk of

— 85 —

