BUSINESS

relevant internal procedures and controls to ensure that such sensitive data is protected and that
leakage and loss of such data is avoided. During the Track Record Period and up to the Latest
Practicable Date, we do not believe that we have experienced any material information leakage or loss
of sensitive data.

Human Resources Risk Management

We provide regular and specialized training tailored to the needs of our employees in different
departments. We regularly organize internal
training sessions conducted by senior employees or
outside consultants on topics of interest. The human resources team, run by senior leaders and
experienced human resource professionals, create, schedule and deliver the training. The long term
goal is to further increase the number of trainings available to all employees as well as measure the
success of the trainings.

In China, we have in place an employee handbook approved by our management and distributed
to all our employees, which contains internal rules and guidelines regarding best commercial practice,
work ethics, fraud prevention mechanism, negligence and corruption. A similar handbook for the U.S.
employee base is in production.

We also have in place an FCPA Policy to safeguard against any corruption within our company.
The policy explains potential corruption conducts and our anti-corruption measures. We make our
internal reporting channel open and available for our staff to report any corruption acts, and our staff
can also make anonymous reports to our internal audit department. Our internal audit department is
responsible for investigating the reported incidents and taking appropriate measures.

Investment Risk Management and Treasury Policy

With our surplus cash on hand, we make short-term investments comprised primarily of U.S.
treasury securities, U.S. agency securities and time deposits with original maturities between three and
twelve months. The primary objective of short-term investments is to preserve principle, provide
liquidity and maximize income without significant increasing risk. Our investment decisions are made
on a case-by-case basis and after due and carefully consideration of a number of factors, including but
not limited to the market conditions, the anticipated investment conditions, the investment costs, the
duration of the investment and expected benefit and potential loss of the investment.

Our finance department, under the supervision of our Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for
managing our short-term investment activities. Before making a proposal
in wealth
management products, our financial department must assess our cash flow and operational needs and
capital expenditures. We operate under a Board approved investment policy which governs the
investment of our funds. The investment policy is reviewed annually by the Board and is circulated
to the investment advisors to ensure compliance of investments. Our investments to date have been
limited to U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. agency securities, and time deposits at reputable banks. Any
deviations from the investment policy, would require consent by the Board. There have been no cases
of deviation from our investment policy to date.

to invest

— 257 —

