BUSINESS

(olaparib), Clovis Oncology’s RUBRACA威

A number of PARP inhibitors have been approved by the FDA. These include AstraZeneca’s
LYNPARZA威
(rucaparib) and Tesaro’s ZEJULA威
(niraparib). Several PARP inhibitors are in late-stage clinical development besides pamiparib,
including AbbVie’s veliparib and Pfizer’s talazoparib. In 2017, global sales of the PARP class
exceeded US$461 million according to company reports. In China, there were no approved PARP
inhibitors as of July 18, 2018. AstraZeneca has submitted an NDA for olaparib. In addition, Zai Lab
obtained the development and commercial rights for niraparib in China, and is currently running a
Phase 1 pharmacokinetics study, a Phase 3 trial as a maintenance treatment after two lines of
platinum-containing therapy in patients with OC, a Phase 3 trial as a maintenance treatment after one
line of platinum-containing therapy in patients with OC, and a Phase 3 trial as a maintenance treatment
after one line of platinum-containing therapy in patients with small cell lung cancer. There are some
other PARP inhibitors being developed by domestic Chinese companies, including fluzoparib from
Hengrui and Hansoh. The table below summarizes the China competitive landscape of pamiparib,
according to the Frost & Sullivan Report.

PARP Competitive Landscape in China (Late-Stage)

PARP inhibitors are involved in DNA transcription and repair. PARP can detect and initiate the immediate cellular response

to chemical or radiation-induced single-strand DNA breaks by signaling the enzymatic machinery involved in the repair

process. Cancer cells with mutations in breast cancer susceptibility gene, or BRCA1/2 genes, are highly sensitive to PARP

inhibition. This phenomenon is called “synthetic lethality” and is the foundation of the therapeutic utility of PARP

inhibition in cancer therapy.

Products

Products

(generic name)

(brand name)

Company

CDA Status

olaparib

LYNPARZA威

AstraZeneca

NDA review

ZL-2306

Pamiparib
(BGB-290)

ZEJULA威
(in the US)

Tesaro, Zai

Lab

PhIII

NA

BeiGene

PhIII

Lead

Indications

Ovarian cancer,
Breast cancer

Ovarian cancer,
small cell lung

cancer

Ovarian
cancer

Reimbursement

U.S. Patent
Exclusivity

Generic
Versions

NA

NA

NA

2022

NA

2030

NA

2031

NA

Summary of Clinical Data

As of July 5, 2018, we have enrolled over 350 patients in clinical trials of pamiparib, including

combination trials.

A multi-center, open-label Phase 1/2 trial of pamiparib is being conducted in Australia in patients
with advanced solid tumors. On September 8, 2017, we presented preliminary clinical data from the
ongoing Phase 1/2 trial of pamiparib in patients with advanced solid tumors at the ESMO 2017
Congress. As of June 1, 2017, 68 patients were enrolled in the trial. The median duration of therapy
for all patients was 79 days (range 1 to 926 days). At the time of the data cutoff, 20 patients remained
on treatment.

— 229 —

