REGULATIONS

monitor the safety of approved products that have been commercialized. The FDA may also approve
an NDA or BLA with a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy plan to mitigate risks, which could
include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as
restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools.

Regulation of Combination Products in the United States

Certain products may be comprised of components that would normally be regulated under
different types of regulatory authorities in certain jurisdictions, and in the United States by different
centers at the FDA. These products are known as combination products. Under the FDCA, the FDA
is charged with assigning a center with primary jurisdiction, or a lead center, for review of a
combination product. That determination is based on the “primary mode of action” of the combination
product. We are developing combination products using our own drug candidates and third-party
drugs.

Expedited Programs

Fast Track Designation

The FDA has a fast track program that is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for
reviewing new drugs,
including biologics that meet certain criteria. Specifically, new drugs are
eligible for Fast Track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or
condition for which there is no effective treatment and demonstrate the potential to address unmet
medical needs for the condition. Fast track designation applies to the combination of the product and
the specific indication for which it is being studied. The sponsor of a new drug may request the FDA
to designate the drug as a fast track product concurrently with, or at any time after, submission of an
IND, and the FDA must determine if the drug candidate qualifies for fast track designation within 60
days of receipt of the sponsor’s request.

the FDA may initiate review of sections of a fast

In addition to other benefits, such as the ability to engage in more frequent interactions with the
track drug’s NDA or BLA before the
FDA,
application is complete. This rolling review is available if the applicant provides, and the FDA
approves, a schedule for the submission of each portion of the NDA or BLA and the applicant pays
the applicable user fee. However, the FDA’s time period goal for reviewing an application does not
begin until the last section of the NDA or BLA is submitted. Additionally, the fast track designation
may be withdrawn by the FDA if the FDA believes that the designation is no longer supported by data
emerging in the clinical trial process.

Accelerated Approval

Under FDA’s accelerated approval regulations,

including a
to
biologic, for a serious or life-threatening illness that provides meaningful
patients over existing treatments based upon a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict
clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or
mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other
clinical benefit,
the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the

taking into account

the FDA may approve a drug,

therapeutic benefit

— 170 —

