FINANCIAL INFORMATION

•

BGB—A425, an investigational humanized monoclonal antibody against TIM-3.

We expense research and development costs in the period incurred. We record costs for certain
development activities, such as clinical trials, based on an evaluation of the progress to completion
of specific tasks using data such as subject enrollment, clinical site activations or information our
vendors provide to us. We expense the manufacturing costs of our internally-developed products that
are used in clinical trials as they are incurred. We do not allocate employee-related costs, depreciation,
rental and other indirect costs to specific research and development programs because these costs are
deployed across multiple product programs under research and development and, as such, are
separately classified as unallocated research and development expenses.

At this time, it is difficult to estimate or know for certain, the nature, timing and estimated costs
of the efforts that will be necessary to complete the development of our internally-developed drug
candidates. We are also unable to predict when, if ever, material net cash inflows will commence from
sales of our internally-developed drug candidates. This is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties
associated with developing and commercializing such drug candidates, including the uncertainty of:

•

•

•

•

•

•

•

•

•

successful enrollment in and completion of clinical trials;

establishing an appropriate safety and efficacy profile;

establishing commercial manufacturing capabilities or making arrangements with
third-party manufacturers;

receipt of marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities;

successfully launching and commercializing our drug candidates, if and when approved,
whether as monotherapies or in combination with our internally discovered drug candidates
or third-party products;

obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret protection and regulatory exclusivity for
our drug candidates;

continued acceptable safety profiles of the products following approval;

competition from competing products; and

retention of key personnel.

A change in the outcome of any of these variables with respect

to the development and
commercialization of any of our drug candidates could significantly affect the costs, timing and
viability associated with the development and commercialization of respective drug candidate.

Research and development activities are central to our business model. We expect research and
development costs to increase significantly for the foreseeable future as our development programs
progress, as we continue to support the clinical trials of our drug candidates as treatments for various

— 263 —

