BUSINESS

BGB-A333, a PD-L1 Inhibitor

BGB-A333 is an investigational humanized IgG1-variant monoclonal antibody against PD-L1,
the ligand of PD-1. We intend to develop BGB-A333 either as a monotherapy or in combination with
other cancer therapies, such as tislelizumab, to treat various cancers and potentially other indications.
BGB-A333 is currently being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial in Australia to test the safety and
anti-tumor effect of BGB-A333 alone and in combination with tislelizumab in patients with advanced
solid tumors.

BGB-A425, a TIM-3 Inhibitor

BGB-A425 is an investigational humanized IgG1-variant monoclonal antibody against T-cell
immunoglobulin and mucin-domain containing-3, or TIM-3. We received the investigational new drug
clearance in the U.S., and we plan to develop BGB-A425 either as a monotherapy or in combination
with other cancer therapies to treat various cancers.

Sitravatinib (MGCD-0516), a Multi-Kinase Inhibitor

In January 2018, we entered into an exclusive license agreement with Mirati for the development,
manufacturing and commercialization of Mirati’s sitravatinib in Asia (excluding Japan and certain
other countries), Australia and New Zealand. Sitravatinib is an investigational spectrum-selective
kinase inhibitor which potently inhibits receptor tyrosine kinases,
including RET, TAM family
receptors (TYRO3, Axl, MER), and split family receptors (VEGFR2, KIT). Sitravatinib is being
evaluated by Mirati as a single agent in a dose-expansion trial in patients whose tumors harbor specific
genetic alterations in NSCLC and other tumors. Sitravatinib has shown encouraging interim results in
an ongoing Phase 2 trial in combination with nivolumab in NSCLC patients who have progressed after
prior treatment with a checkpoint inhibitor. We plan to investigate sitravatinib in combination with
tislelizumab in China and the licensed territory.

Under the license agreement, Mirati retains exclusive rights for the development, manufacturing
and commercialization of sitravatinib outside of the licensed territory. We made an upfront cash
payment of US$10 million to Mirati and agreed to pay up to US$123 million based upon the
achievement of certain development, regulatory and sales milestones, as well as royalties at tiered
percentage rates ranging from mid-single digits to twenty percent on annual net sales of sitravatinib
in the licensed territory, subject to reduction under specified circumstances.

Avadomide (CC-122), a Cereblon Modulator

Avadomide (CC-122) is an investigational next-generation Cereblon modulator currently in
clinical development by Celgene. It is in multiple Phase 1 and Phase 1/2 clinical trials, both as a single
agent and in combination, for hematological and solid tumor cancers outside of China. Avadomide
(CC-122) has been differentiated from previous compounds (such as thalidomide, lenalidomide and
pomalidomide) and has been developed based on the scientific understanding of Cereblon-mediated
protein homeostasis.

— 233 —

