BUSINESS

increased aspartate aminotransferase, or AST (8%),

AEs assessed by the investigator to be treatment-related occurred in 21 patients (53%). Of those,
rash (20%), pruritus (13%),
fatigue (5%),
hypothyroidism (5%) and decreased appetite (5%) were reported in more than one patient. All of the
treatment-related AEs were grades 1 or 2, with the exception of one grade 5 event of acute hepatitis
assessed by the investigator to be related to tislelizumab. This patient had widely metastatic disease
and died five weeks after receiving his first and only dose of tislelizumab and subsequently developing
evidence of disease progression.

At the time of the data cutoff, the efficacy evaluation was early, and 27 patients were evaluable
for response, defined as having measurable disease at baseline and at least one post-baseline tumor
assessment, or progression or death. Twelve of the evaluable patients remained on treatment and seven
of these had only one tumor assessment at the time of the data cutoff. Confirmed and unconfirmed PRs
were observed in three patients, all with hepatitis-B-positive HCC. One PR was confirmed before the
cutoff date, one was confirmed one day following the cutoff date, and one was unconfirmed and the
patient remained on therapy. Nine patients achieved SD, some of whom also had significant reductions
in Alpha-fetoprotein levels.

Gastric and Esophageal Cancers

The data presented on GC and EC were from 83 patients, 46 with advanced or metastatic GC and
37 with EC, treated with tislelizumab at 2 mg/kg or 5 mg/kg every two weeks, or Q2W, or Q3W. At
the time of the data cutoff on June 8, 2017, median treatment duration was 45 days (range 4—457
days) for patients with GC and 50 days (range 1—246 days) for patients with EC.

AEs assessed by the investigator to be treatment-related occurred in 15 patients with GC (33%).
Of those, abdominal pain (9%), decreased appetite (9%), fatigue (7%), nausea (7%) and pruritus (4%)
were reported in more than one patient, and all of these cases were grades 1 or 2. AEs assessed to be
treatment-related occurred in 15 patients with EC (41%). Of those, fatigue (16%), nausea (8%),
decreased appetite (5%), infusion-related reaction (5%) and myalgia (5%) occurred in more than one
patient, and all of these cases were grades 1 or 2. Only one patient
in each cohort reported a
treatment-related AE of grade 3 or higher: grade 3 proteinuria in one patient with GC and grade 3
dermatitis in one patient with EC. SAEs considered treatment-related included one case of diarrhea
and one case of pyrexia, each occurring in patients with GC. Eight patients (two with GC, six with
EC) had a treatment-emergent AE with a fatal outcome; none of which was assessed as
treatment-related.

The efficacy-evaluable population included 34 GC patients and 31 EC patients. Despite the short
median follow-up time, four achieved confirmed PRs and three achieved SD among GC patients.
Among EC patients, two achieved a confirmed PR and nine achieved SD. Three of the nine patients
with EC who achieved SD also achieved an unconfirmed PR, including one who awaits response
confirmation. At the time of the data cutoff, 27 patients remained on treatment.

Head and Neck Squamous Cell Cancer

The HNSCC data presented were from 18 patients treated with tislelizumab at 5 mg/kg Q3W. At
the time of the data cutoff on June 8, 2017, median treatment duration was 104 days (range 30—339
days).

— 223 —

