INFORMATION ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS AND THE GLOBAL OFFERING

Dealings in the Shares on the Stock Exchange are expected to commence on August 8, 2018. Our
ADSs are currently listed on and dealt in the Nasdaq. Other than the foregoing, no part of our Shares
or loan capital is listed on or dealt in on any other stock exchange and no such listing or permission
to list is being or proposed to be sought. All Offer Shares will be registered on the Hong Kong Share
Registrar of our Company in order to enable them to be traded on the Stock Exchange.

Under section 44B(1) of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance,
any allotment made in respect of any application will be invalid if the listing of, and permission to
deal in, the Shares on the Stock Exchange is refused before the expiration of three weeks from the date
of the closing of the application lists, or such longer period (not exceeding six weeks) as may, within
the said three weeks, be notified to our Company by the Stock Exchange.

OVER-ALLOTMENT OPTION AND STABILISATION

Details of the arrangements relating to the Over-allotment Option and stabilisation are set out in
the section headed “Structure of
the
Over-allotment Option is exercised in full, the Company may be required to sell up to an aggregate
of 9,840,000 new Shares.

the Global Offering” in this prospectus. Assuming that

SHARES WILL BE ELIGIBLE FOR ADMISSION INTO CCASS

Subject to the granting of the listing of, and permission to deal in, the Shares on the Stock
the Shares will be
Exchange and compliance with the stock admission requirements of HKSCC,
accepted as eligible securities by HKSCC for deposit, clearance and settlement in CCASS with effect
from the Listing Date or any other date as determined by HKSCC. Settlement of transactions between
participants of the Stock Exchange is required to take place in CCASS on the second business day after
any trading day. All activities under CCASS are subject to the General Rules of CCASS and CCASS
Operational Procedures in effect from time to time.

All necessary arrangements have been made for the Shares to be admitted into CCASS. Investors
should seek the advice of their stockbroker or other professional adviser for details of those settlement
arrangements and how such arrangements will affect their rights and interests.

SHARE REGISTER AND STAMP DUTY

Our principal register of members will be maintained in the Cayman Islands by our principal
registrar, Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, in the Cayman Islands, and our Hong
Kong register will be maintained by the Hong Kong Share Registrar in Hong Kong.

All Offer Shares issued pursuant to applications made in the Hong Kong Public Offering and the
International Placing will be registered on the Hong Kong register of members of our Company in
Hong Kong. Dealings in the Shares registered in our Hong Kong register of members will be subject
to Hong Kong stamp duty. For further details of Hong Kong stamp duty, please seek professional tax
advice.

— 133 —

