APPENDIX IV

STATUTORY AND GENERAL INFORMATION

(17) Mr. Su is entitled to receive up to 63,290 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to him, subject to the

(18)

(19)

(20)

(21)

(22)

conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options.
Includes (1) Mr. Yi’s entitlement to receive up to 217,434 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to him,
subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options, and (2) Mr. Yi’s entitlement to restricted share
units equivalent to 9,290 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.
Includes (1) Dr. Liang’s entitlement to receive up to 7,811,708 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to him,
subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of these options, and (2) Dr. Liang’s entitlement to restricted
share units equivalent to 52,338 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.
Includes (1) 225,002 Shares held by Dr. Peterson, (2) Dr. Peterson’s entitlement to receive up to 2,926,358 Shares
pursuant to the exercise of options granted to her, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those
options, and (3) Dr. Peterson’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 44,564 Shares, subject to vesting
conditions.
Includes (1) 264,900 Shares held by Dr. Huang and (2) Dr. Huang’s entitlement to receive up to 2,658,145 Shares
pursuant to the exercise of options granted to her, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those
options, and (3) Dr. Huang’s entitlement
to vesting
conditions.
Includes (1) 225,745 Shares held by Dr. Wu, (2) Dr. Wu’s entitlement to receive up to 766,599 Shares pursuant to the
exercise of options granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options and (3) Dr.
Wu’s entitlement to restricted share units equivalent to 1,149,899 Shares, subject to vesting conditions.

to restricted share units equivalent

to 44,564 Shares, subject

(23) These Shares are held by Dr. Wu’s spouse, in which Dr. Wu is deemed to be interested for the purposes of the SFO.

(b)

Interests and short positions discloseable under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO

For information on the persons who will, immediately following the completion of the Global
Offering (assuming the Over-allotment Option is not exercised and no Shares are issued pursuant to
our Equity Plans) have or be deemed or taken to have beneficial interests or short position in our
Shares or underlying shares which would fall to be disclosed to our Company under the provisions of
2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or directly or indirectly be interested in 10% or more of the nominal
value of any class of share capital carrying rights to vote in all circumstances at general meetings of
any other member of our Group, please see the section headed “Substantial Shareholders” in this
prospectus.

Save as set out above, as of the Latest Practicable Date, our Directors were not aware of any
persons who would, immediately following the completion of the Global Offering (assuming the
Over-allotment Option is not exercised and no Shares are issued pursuant to our Equity Plans), be
interested, directly or indirectly, in 10% or more of the nominal of any class of share capital carrying
rights to vote in all circumstances at general meetings of any member of our Group or had option in
respect of such Capital.

4.

Disclaimers

Save as disclosed in this prospectus:

(a)

(b)

there are no existing or proposed service contracts (excluding contracts expiring or
determinable by the employer within one year without payment of compensation (other than
statutory compensation)) between the Directors and any member of the Group;

none of the Directors or the experts named in the section headed “Other Information—4.
Consents of Experts” below has any direct or indirect interest in the promotion of, or in any
assets which have been, within the two years immediately preceding the date of this
prospectus, acquired or disposed of by or leased to any member of the Group, or are
proposed to be acquired or disposed of by or leased to any member of the Group;

— IV-11 —

