REGULATIONS

New Drug Application (NDA) and Approval

Upon completion of clinical trials, a sponsor may submit clinical trial data to support marketing
approval for the drug. For imported drugs, this means issuance of an import license. Again, the
applicant must submit evidence of foreign approval, unless it is an innovative drug that has never been
approved anywhere in the world.

Domestically manufactured drugs must similarly submit data in support of a drug approval
number. Under the current regime, upon approval of the registration application, the CDA will first
issue a new drug certificate to the applicant. Only when the applicant is equipped with relevant
manufacturing capability will the CDA issue a Drug Approval Serial Number (藥品批准文號), which
is effectively the marketing approval allowing the holder to market/commercialize the drug in China.

Under the authorization of the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress, the State
Council issued the Pilot Plan for the Drug Marketing Authorization Holder Mechanism (藥品上市許
可持有人制度試點方案) on May 26, 2016, which provides a detailed pilot plan for the marketing
authorization holder system, or MAH pilot program. Domestically established research institutions
(including domestic companies) can apply through an MAH pilot program if they are established in
one of 10 designated provinces (including Beijing and Shanghai) in China. The MAH pilot program
permits research institutions and individuals to develop and hold the marketing approvals for drugs
without holding a drug manufacturing license. The marketing authorization holders, or MAHs, may
engage contract manufacturers and distributors.

The MAH pilot program is set to run until November 2018. The Innovation Opinion indicates that
China will strive to implement the MAH system nationally as soon as possible by amending the DAL.
The CDA has proposed revisions to accomplish this purpose, but
the timeline to finalize these
proposals is still unclear.

New Drug Monitoring Period

Currently, new varieties of domestically produced drugs approved under Categories 1 or 2 in
China may be placed under a monitoring period for three to five years. Category 1 innovative drugs
will be monitored for five years. During the monitoring period, the CDA will not approve another CTA
from another applicant for the same type of drug, except if another sponsor has an approved CTA at
the time that the monitoring period is initiated it may proceed with its trial and become part of the
period. Therefore, by blocking other CTAs,
the monitoring period can act as a type of market
exclusivity.

New Policies on Promoting Imported Oncology Drugs and Regulatory Data Specificity

The PRC government continues to establish measures and incentives to promote the development
and swifter approval of marketing for oncology and other innovative drugs. In April 2018, these
measures included lowering the tariffs on a significant number of
imported innovative drugs,
including oncology drugs, to zero, and making the importation process more efficient. Also, the PRC
government reaffirmed its commitment to provide stronger intellectual property protections, including
regulatory data protection, and patent term extension for certain innovative drugs (up to 5 years). In

— 182 —

