RISK FACTORS

Our ability to commercialize any drugs successfully also will depend in part on the extent to
which reimbursement for these drugs and related treatments will be available from government health
administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations.

A primary trend in the global healthcare industry is cost containment. Government authorities
and these third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of
reimbursement for particular medications.

In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drugs exists among
third-party payors. As a result, obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval of a drug from a
government or other third-party payor is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us
to provide to each payor supporting scientific, clinical and cost-effectiveness data for the use of our
drugs on a payor-by-payor basis, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be
obtained. Even if we obtain coverage for a given drug, the resulting reimbursement rates might not
be adequate for us to achieve or sustain profitability or may require co-payments that patients find
unacceptably high. Additionally, third-party payors may not cover, or provide adequate reimbursement
for, long-term follow-up evaluations required following the use of our genetically modified drugs.
Patients are unlikely to use our drugs and any approved drug candidates unless coverage is provided
and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion of the cost of the drug. Because some
of our drugs and drug candidates have a higher cost of goods than conventional therapies, and may
require long-term follow up evaluations,
the risk that coverage and reimbursement rates may be
inadequate for us to achieve profitability may be greater.

In China, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of China or provincial or local
human resources and social security authorities, together with other government authorities, review
the inclusion or removal of drugs from the China’s National Drug Catalog for Basic Medical
Insurance, Work-related Injury Insurance and Maternity Insurance, or the National Reimbursement
Drug List, or the NRDL, or provincial or local medical insurance catalogues for the National Medical
Insurance Program regularly, and the tier under which a drug will be classified, both of which affect
the amounts reimbursable to program participants for their purchases of those drugs. There can be no
assurance that our drugs and any approved drug candidates will be included in the NRDL. Products
included in the NRDL are typically generic and essential drugs. Innovative drugs similar to our drug
candidates have historically been more limited on their inclusion in the NRDL due to the affordability
of the government’s Basic Medical Insurance, although this has been changing in recent years.

Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that companies provide them with predetermined
discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. We cannot be
sure that reimbursement will be available for any drug that we commercialize and, if reimbursement
is available, what the level of reimbursement will be. Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or
the price of, any drug which we commercialize. Obtaining or maintaining reimbursement for our drugs
may be particularly difficult because of the higher prices often associated with drugs administered
under the supervision of a physician. If reimbursement is not available or is available only to limited
levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any drug candidate that we in-license or
successfully develop.

— 52 —

