INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

PARP INHIBITOR MARKET LANDSCAPE

Overview of PARP Inhibitors

PARP family members PARP1 and PARP2 play essential roles in cell survival in response to
DNA damage. Inhibition of PARPs prevents the repair of common single-strand DNA breaks which
leads to formation of double-strand breaks during DNA replication. Cancer cells with mutations in
BRCA1/2, a key gene in breast cancer susceptibility, are highly sensitive to PARP inhibition. A
number of PARP inhibitors have been approved as monotherapies, and there is strong scientific
rationale for the potential utility of PARP inhibitors in combination therapy. PARP proteins are key
factors in base-excision-repair, which is critical for the repair of DNA lesions caused by some
chemotherapeutic agents and by radiation. PARP inhibitors are also considered good potential
combination partners with checkpoint inhibitors in part due to increased mutations in tumor cells as
a result of the blockade of DNA repair by PARP inhibitors.

Many tumor types have been shown to be responsive to PARP inhibitors, including ovarian
cancer, or OC, breast cancer, prostate cancer and GC. PARP inhibitors have demonstrated encouraging
activity both in relapsed and refractory patients as well as in the maintenance setting. In the United
States, each year there are approximately 22,440 new cases of OC, 252,710 new cases of breast cancer,
161,360 new cases of prostate cancer, and 28,000 new cases of GC, according to the SEER program.
In China, each year there are approximately 52,000 new cases of OC, 272,000 new cases of breast
cancer, 60,000 new cases of prostate cancer, and 680,000 new cases of GC according to Chen et al.
2016.

Market Landscape of PARP Inhibitors Globally and in China

(olaparib), Clovis Oncology’s RUBRACA威

A number of PARP inhibitors have been approved by the FDA. These include AstraZeneca’s
LYNPARZA威
(rucaparib) and Tesaro’s ZEJULA威
(niraparib). The approved indications include breast cancer and OC. Several PARP inhibitors are in
late-stage clinical development, including BeiGene Ltd.’s pamiparib, AbbVie’s veliparib and Pfizer’s
talazoparib.

In China, there were no approved PARP inhibitors as of July 18, 2018. AstraZeneca has submitted
an NDA for olaparib. In addition, Zai Lab obtained the development and commercial rights for
niraparib in China, and is currently running a Phase 1 pharmacokinetics study, a Phase 3 trial as a
maintenance treatment after two lines of platinum-containing therapy in patients with OC, a Phase 3
trial as a maintenance treatment after one line of platinum-containing therapy in patients with OC, and
a Phase 3 trial as a maintenance treatment after one line of platinum-containing therapy in patients
with small cell lung cancer. There are some other PARP inhibitors being developed by domestic
Chinese companies, such as pamiparib from BeiGene Ltd. and fluzoparib from Hengrui and Jiangsu
Hansoh Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, or Hansoh.

— 162 —

