RISK FACTORS

If third parties bring successful claims against us for infringement of their intellectual property
rights, we may be subject
to injunctive or other equitable relief, which could prevent us from
developing and commercializing one or more of our drug candidates. Defense of these claims,
regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial
diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful claim against us of
infringement or misappropriation, or a settlement by us of any such claims, we may have to pay
substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys’ fees in the case of willful infringement,
pay royalties or redesign our infringing drug candidates, which may be impossible or require
substantial time and cost. In the event of an adverse result in any such litigation, or even in the absence
of litigation, we may need to obtain licenses from third parties to advance our research or allow
commercialization of our drug candidates. Any such license might not be available on reasonable
terms or at all. In the event that we are unable to obtain such a license, we would be unable to further
develop and commercialize one or more of our drug candidates, which could harm our business
significantly. We may also elect to enter into license agreements in order to settle patent infringement
claims or to resolve disputes prior to litigation, and any such license agreements may require us to pay
royalties and other fees that could significantly harm our business.

We are aware of U.S. patents with claims covering certain antibodies that are relevant

to
tislelizumab for which patents are expected to expire in 2023 or 2024; complexes of irreversible BTK
inhibitors that are relevant to zanubrutinib for which the patent is expected to expire in 2027; and the
use of PARP inhibitors to treat certain cancers that are relevant to pamiparib for which patents are
expected to expire between 2027 and 2031. We are also aware of issued patents in Europe and China
relevant to pamiparib. Although we believe that the relevant claims of these patents would likely be
held invalid, we can provide no assurance that a court or an administrative agency would agree with
our assessment. If the validity of the relevant claims of one or more of these patents were to be upheld
upon a validity challenge, and our related drug candidate was to be approved for sale in the United
States before the expiration of the relevant patents, we would need a license to commercialize the drug
candidate in the United States before the expiration of the relevant patents. In addition, depending
upon the circumstances, we may need licenses for jurisdictions outside of the United States where we
wish to commercialize a particular drug candidate before the expiration of corresponding patents
covering that drug candidate. In such cases, we can provide no assurance that we would be able to
obtain a license or licenses on commercially reasonable terms or at all, which could materially and
adversely affect our business.

Even if

favor,

litigation or other proceedings are resolved in our

there could be public
announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, and
if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial
adverse effect on the market price of the ordinary shares and/or ADSs. Such litigation or proceedings
could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development
activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial
or other resources to adequately conduct such litigation or proceedings. Some of our competitors may
be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of
their greater financial resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent
litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the
marketplace.

— 70 —

