BUSINESS

The PD-1 License Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by
us and Celgene. Unless earlier terminated, the agreement will expire on a licensed product-by-product
and country-by-country basis upon the expiration of the royalty term in such country for such licensed
product. The agreement may be terminated by Celgene upon 30 days’ prior written notice, or by either
party upon the other party’s bankruptcy or uncured material breach.

Celgene China Agreement

to exclusively distribute and promote Celgene’s approved cancer

On July 5, 2017, we and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Celgene, Celgene Logistics Sàrl, or
Celgene Logistics, entered into a License and Supply Agreement, which we refer to as the China
License Agreement and which became effective on August 31, 2017, pursuant to which we were
granted the right
therapies,
ABRAXANE威, REVLIMID威 and VIDAZA威, and its investigational agent avadomide (CC-122) in
clinical development in China, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. In addition, if Celgene
decides to commercialize a new oncology product through a third-party in the licensed territory during
the first five years of the term, we have a right of first negotiation to obtain the right to commercialize
the product, subject to certain conditions. We paid an aggregate of US$4.5 million in cash for the
license and our acquisition of Celgene Shanghai, as described below. Subsequent to the closing of the
arrangements and through the Latest Practicable Date, we had paid Celgene US$17.7 million in total
for inventory purchases.

The term of the China License Agreement is 10 years and may be terminated by either party upon
written notice in the event of uncured material breach or bankruptcy of the other party, or if the
underlying regulatory approvals for the covered products are revoked. Celgene Logistics also has the
right to terminate the agreement with respect to REVLIMID威 at any time upon written notice to the
Company.

The China License Agreement

contains

customary representations

and warranties

and

confidentiality and mutual indemnification provisions.

On August 31, 2017, our wholly owned subsidiary, BeiGene (Hong Kong) Co., Ltd., acquired
100% of the equity interests of Celgene Pharmaceutical (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., or Celgene Shanghai,
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Celgene Holdings East Corporation established under the laws of China.
The purchase price of Celgene Shanghai was determined to be approximately US$28.1 million from
an accounting perspective, and comprised of a cash consideration of US$4.5 million and non-cash
consideration of US$23.6 million. The amount allocated to non-cash consideration, related to the
discount on ordinary shares issued to Celgene in connection with the Share Subscription Agreement
and was a result of the increase in fair value of our shares between the fixed price of US$59.55 per
ADS specified in the Share Subscription Agreement and the fair value per ADS on August 31, 2017,
the date
subsequently renamed BeiGene
Pharmaceutical (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., is in the business of, among other things, providing marketing
and promotional services for the pharmaceutical products that we license from Celgene. Prior to
closing, Celgene separated out certain business functions, including regulatory and drug safety, that
continue to support the business acquired by us.

transaction closed. This

the

company, which we

— 238 —

