FINANCIAL INFORMATION

The process of estimating our research and development expenses involves reviewing open
contracts and purchase orders, communicating with our personnel to identify services that have been
performed on our behalf and estimating the level of service performed and the associated costs
incurred for the services when we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual costs.
The majority of our service providers invoice us in arrears for services performed, on a pre-determined
schedule or when contractual milestones are met; however, some require advanced payments. We make
estimates of our expenses as of each balance sheet date in our financial statements based on facts and
circumstances known to us at that time. Although we do not expect our estimates to be materially
different from amounts actually incurred, our understanding of the status and timing of services
performed relative to the actual status and timing of services performed may vary and may result in
us reporting expenses that are too high or too low in any particular period. To date, we have not made
any material adjustments to our prior estimates of research and development expenses.

Share-Based Compensation

Awards Granted to Employees

We apply ASC 718, Compensation—Stock Compensation, or ASC 718,

to account for our
employee share-based payments. In accordance with ASC 718, we determine whether an award should
be classified and accounted for as a liability award or equity award. All our grants of share-based
awards to employees were classified as equity awards and are recognized in the financial statements
based on their grant date fair values. We have elected to recognize compensation expense using the
straight-line method for all employee equity awards granted with graded vesting based on service
conditions provided that the amount of compensation cost recognized at any date is at least equal to
the portion of the grant-date value of the options that are vested at that date. We use the accelerated
method for all awards granted with graded vesting based on performance conditions. To the extent the
required vesting conditions are not met
the share-based awards,
previously recognized compensation expense relating to those awards are reversed. ASC 718 requires
forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in the subsequent period if
actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates.

resulting in the forfeiture of

Forfeiture rates are estimated based on historical and future expectations of employee turnover
rates and are adjusted to reflect future changes in circumstances and facts,
if any. Share-based
compensation expense is recorded net of estimated forfeitures such that expense is recorded only for
those share-based awards that are expected to vest. To the extent we revise these estimates in the
future, the share-based payments could be materially impacted in the period of revision, as well as in
following periods. We, with the assistance of an independent third-party valuation firm, determined
the estimated fair value of the share options granted to employees using a binomial option pricing
model.

Awards Granted to Non-employees

We have accounted for equity instruments issued to non-employees in accordance with the
provisions of ASC 718, Share-based payments, and ASC 505, Equity. All transactions in which goods
or services are received in exchange for equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value
of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more

— 299 —

