HISTORY, DEVELOPMENT AND CORPORATE STRUCTURE

OVERVIEW

We are a commercial-stage biotechnology company focused on developing and commercializing
the treatment of cancer. Our
innovative molecularly-targeted and immuno-oncology drugs for
internally-developed lead drug candidates are currently in late-stage clinical
trials, and we are
marketing three in-licensed drugs in China from which we have been generating product revenue since
September 2017. Our mission is to become a global
leader in the discovery, development and
commercialization of innovative therapies. We started as a research and development company in
Beijing in 2010 focusing on developing best-in-class oncology therapeutics. Over the last eight years,
we have developed into a fully-integrated global biotechnology company with a broad portfolio
consisting of six internally-developed, clinical-stage drug candidates,
including three late-stage
clinical drug candidates. We also have five in-licensed drugs and drug candidates, including three
marketed drugs in China and two clinical-stage drug candidates to which we have obtained
development and commercialization rights in China and other selected countries in the Asia-Pacific
region.

Our Company was incorporated as an exempted company with limited liability in the Cayman
Islands on October 28, 2010. Our Group have operations in China in Beijing, Suzhou, Guangzhou and
Shanghai, operations in the United States in Cambridge, MA; Fort Lee and Ridgefied, NJ; and
Emeryville and San Mateo, CA and operations in Switzerland in Basel. As of July 20, 2018, we had
a global team of over 1,300 employees, including a research team of approximately 200 employees,
a development operations team of over 200 employees, and a growing commercial team of over 200
employees. In addition, we have a facility in Suzhou for the manufacture of small molecule drugs at
commercial scale and biologics drugs at pilot scale, and another facility under construction in
Guangzhou for the manufacture of biologics at commercial scale.

KEY MILESTONES

The following is a summary of our key business milestones:

Year

Event

October 2010 ......... Founding of our Company
November 2011 ...... Completed a US$20 million financing with Merck & Co., Inc.
April 2011 ............. Began development of lifirafenib and pamiparib
February 2012........ Began development of tislelizumab
July 2012 ............... Began development of zanubrutinib
May 2013 .............. Entered into a collaboration with Merck Serono for lifirafenib
November 2013...... Entered into a further collaboration with Merck Serono for pamiparib
November 2013...... Began clinical trials of lifirafenib in Australia

— 190 —

