BUSINESS

•

•

Audit. The service provider shall allow us to inspect their facilities.

Insurance. During the term of the agreement and for a period of at least two (2) years after
termination or expiration of the agreement,
the service provider will maintain certain
minimum insurance and name us as an additional insured.

For the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017, purchases from our five largest suppliers were
approximately US$50.3 million and US$113.6 million in terms of expenses, accounting for
approximately 73% and 62% of our total purchases, respectively. During the same period, purchases
from our largest supplier were approximately US$14.9 million and US$35.1 million, respectively, in
terms of expenses, accounting for approximately 22% and 19% of our total purchases, respectively.

As of the Latest Practicable Date, none of our Directors or any Shareholder, who to the
knowledge of our Directors, owns more than 5% of our issued share capital immediately following
completion of the Global Offering (but without taking into account the exercise of the Over-allotment
Option) nor any of their respective associates had any interest in any of our five largest suppliers.

Production

We have an approximately 11,000 square meter manufacturing facility in Suzhou, China, where
we produce small molecule and biologics drug candidates for clinical supply and which we plan to use
for commercial supply of our small molecule drug candidates, if approved. This facility consists of
one oral-solid-dosage production line for small molecule drug products and one pilot plant for
monoclonal antibody drug substances. In January 2018, the facility received a manufacturing license
from Jiangsu Food and Drug Administration, which is required for the commercial manufacture of
zanubrutinib in China following NDA approval.

In addition, we have formed a joint venture with Guangzhou GET Technology Development Co.,
Ltd., an affiliate of Guangzhou Development District,
to build a 24,000-liter commercial-scale
biologics manufacturing facility in Guangzhou, China. Over US$300 million in funding has been
committed for the construction of the 100,000 square meter manufacturing site. We have contracted
with General Electric for the purchase of its state-of-the-art KuBio娃 prefabricated biomanufacturing
equipment and commenced construction in 2017. We expect
the first phase of the facility to be
completed in 2019.

We also have an approximately 140 square meter manufacturing facility at our research and
development facilities in Beijing, China, which produces preclinical and clinical trial materials for
some of our small molecule drug candidates.

Manufacturing is

subject

to extensive regulations

impose various procedural and
documentation requirements governing recordkeeping, manufacturing processes and controls,
personnel, quality control and quality assurance, among others. Our manufacturing facilities and the
contract manufacturing organizations we use to manufacture our drugs and drug candidates operate
under cGMP conditions. cGMP are regulatory requirements for the production of pharmaceuticals that
will be used in humans.

that

— 249 —

