FINANCIAL INFORMATION

In addition, a significant depreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar may significantly

reduce the U.S. dollar equivalent of our earnings or losses.

Currency Convertibility Risk

A significant portion of our expenses, assets and liabilities are denominated in RMB. On January
1, 1994, the PRC government abolished the dual rate system and introduced a single rate of exchange
as quoted daily by the PBOC. However, the unification of exchange rates does not imply that the RMB
may be readily convertible into U.S. dollars or other foreign currencies. All foreign exchange
transactions continue to take place either through the PBOC or other banks authorized to buy and sell
foreign currencies at the exchange rates quoted by the PBOC. Approvals of foreign currency payments
by the PBOC or other institutions require submitting a payment application form together with
suppliers’ invoices, shipping documents and signed contracts.

Additionally, the value of the RMB is subject to changes in central government policies and
international economic and political developments affecting supply and demand in the PRC foreign
exchange trading system market.

Effects of Inflation

Inflation generally affects us by increasing our cost of labor and clinical trial costs. We do not
believe that inflation has had a material effect on our results of operations during the three months
ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 and the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016.

Critical Accounting Policies

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our
financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements
requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses. We evaluate our estimates and judgments on an ongoing
basis, and our actual results may differ from these estimates. We base our estimates on historical
experience, known trends and events, contractual milestones and other various factors that are
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
sources.

Our most critical accounting policies are summarized below. See Note 2 to the Accountant’s
Report in Appendix I to this prospectus for a description of our other significant accounting policies.

— 296 —

