REGULATIONS

Registration Categories

Prior to engaging with the CDA on research and development and approval, an applicant will
need to determine the registration category for its drug candidate (which will ultimately need to be
confirmed with the CDA), which will determine the requirements for its clinical trial and marketing
application. There are five categories for small molecule drugs: Category 1 (“innovative drugs”) refers
to drugs that have a new chemical entity that has not been marketed anywhere in the world, Category
2 (“improved new drugs”) refers to drugs with a new indication, dosage form, route of administration,
combination, or certain formulation changes not approved in the world, Categories 3 and 4 are for
generics that reference an innovator drug (or certain well-known generic drugs) marketed either
abroad or in China, respectively, and Category 5 refers to originator or generic drugs that have already
been marketed abroad but are not yet approved in China (i.e., many imported drugs).

Therapeutic biologics follow a similar categorization, with Category 1 being new to the world,
but with fifteen product-specific categories. Like with small molecule drugs, Category 1 for biologics
is also for innovative biologics that have not been approved inside or outside of China. A clear
regulatory pathway for biosimilars does not yet exist, but the CDA may soon develop one in its
revision of
to the Innovation Opinion. Each of zanubrutinib,
tislelizumab, pamiparib and lifirafenib is classified as Category 1 based on the respective clinical trial
approval from the CDA, which is a favored category for CTA and marketing approval.

implementing rules pursuant

Expedited Programs

Priority Evaluation and Approval Programs to Encourage Innovation

The CDA has adopted several expedited review and approval mechanisms since 2009 and created
additional expedited programs in recent years that are intended to encourage innovation. Applications
for these expedited programs can be submitted after the CTA is admitted for review by the CDE. Some
of the current categories of drugs eligible for priority status that may be particularly relevant for us
include: (1) Category 1 innovative drugs that have not been approved inside or outside of China; (2)
oncology drugs; (3) drugs using advanced technology, innovative treatment methods, and having clear
therapeutic benefit; and (4) new drugs for which clinical trials are already approved in the United
States or European Union, or
for which marketing authorization applications have been filed
simultaneously in China and in the United States or European Union and are manufactured in China
using the same production line that passed FDA or EMA inspection.

If admitted to one of these expedited programs, an applicant will be entitled to more frequent and
timely communication with reviewers at the CDE, expedited review and approval, and more agency
resources throughout the approval process. Each of our drug candidates zanubrutinib, tislelizumab,
pamiparib and lifirafenib is classified as Category 1 based on the respective clinical trial approval
from the CDA.

— 179 —

