DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Su earned his undergraduate degree at the National Taiwan University in June, 1974, an
M.Sc. degree in Chemical Engineering at Pennsylvania State University in May, 1978, and an MBA
at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in May, 1983.

Mr. Su currently serves as a director of Li Ning Company Limited, a company listed on the Main

Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2331), and of Peet’s Coffee China.

Mr. Qingqing Yi, aged 46, has served as a member of our Board since October 2014. Mr. Yi is
a Partner at Hillhouse Capital. He has worked with Hillhouse since the inception of the firm in 2005.
Prior to joining Hillhouse, Mr. Yi was an Equity Research Analyst at China International Capital
Corporation. Mr. Yi’s work at Hillhouse includes investments in the healthcare and consumer sectors
in both its public and private equity portfolios.

Mr. Yi received a B.S. degree in Engineering from Shanghai Maritime University in July, 1995

and an MBA from University of Southern California in May, 2003.

Except as disclosed above (and our Directors’ interests or short positions (if any) as set out in
the section headed “Appendix IV — Statutory and General Information — Further Information About
our Directors”), to the best of the knowledge, information and belief of our Directors having made all
reasonable inquiries, there was no other matter with respect to the appointment of our Directors that
needs to be brought to the attention of the Shareholders and the Stock Exchange.

Except as disclosed above, each Director had not held any other directorships in listed companies

during the three years immediately prior to the Latest Practicable Date.

SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The following table provides information about members of our senior management:

Name

Age

Position

Mr. John V. Oyler ..........

50

Dr. Howard Liang, Ph.D.

55

Dr. Amy Peterson, M.D. ..

Dr. Jane Huang, M.D. .....

Dr. Xiaobin Wu, Ph.D.

...

51

45

57

Executive Director,
Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer
Chief Financial Officer
and Chief Strategy
Officer
Chief Medical Officer,
Immuno-oncology
Chief Medical Officer,
Hematology
General Manager, China
and President

Date of joining

our Group

Roles and

responsibilities

Co-Founder

July 2015

Overall strategic
planning and
business direction
Overall strategic
planning and
financial strategy

August 2016 Clinical

September
2016
April 2018

development
Clinical
development
Strategic planning
and business
direction in China

— 326 —

