RISK FACTORS

Changes in patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our
ability to protect our drug candidates.

The United States has recently enacted and is currently implementing wide-ranging patent reform
legislation. Recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available
in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to
increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of
events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents once obtained, if any. Depending
on decisions by the U.S. Congress,
the laws and regulations
governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new
patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. There could
be similar changes in the laws of foreign jurisdictions that may impact the value of our patent rights
or our other intellectual property rights.

the federal courts and the USPTO,

If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive
position would be harmed. We may be subject to claims that our employees have wrongfully used
or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers.

employees,

corporate

technology and other proprietary information,

In addition to our issued patent and pending patent applications, we rely on trade secrets,
to maintain our
including unpatented know-how,
competitive position and to protect our drug candidates. We seek to protect these trade secrets, in part,
by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties that have access to them,
such as our
sponsored
researchers, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. We also enter into
confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees and consultants.
However, any of these parties may breach such agreements and disclose our proprietary information,
and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a party
illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive and time-consuming,
and the outcome is unpredictable. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or
independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent them from using that
technology or information to compete with us and our competitive position would be harmed.

collaborators, outside

scientific

collaborators,

Furthermore, many of our employees,

including our senior management, were previously
employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential
competitors. Some of these employees, including each member of our senior management, executed
proprietary rights, non-disclosure and non-competition agreements in connection with such previous
employment. Although we try to ensure that our employees do not use the proprietary information or
know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these employees have
used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any
such employee’s former employer. We are not aware of any threatened or pending claims related to
these matters or concerning the agreements with our senior management, but in the future litigation
may be necessary to defend against such claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition
to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if
we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be
a distraction to management.

— 72 —

