RISK FACTORS

share distributions, distributions of securities other than ADSs and annual service fees. In the case of
ADSs issued by the depositary into The Depository Trust Company, or DTC, the fees will be charged
by the DTC participant to the account of the applicable beneficial owner in accordance with the
procedures and practices of the DTC participant as in effect at the time.

Holders of ADSs may not receive distributions on our ordinary shares or any value for them if
it is illegal or impractical to make them available to you.

The depositary of the ADSs has agreed to pay you the cash dividends or other distributions it or
the custodian for the ADSs receives on our ordinary shares or other deposited securities after
deducting its fees and expenses. You will receive these distributions in proportion to the number of
our ordinary shares that your ADSs represent. However, the depositary is not responsible for making
such payments or distributions if it is unlawful or impractical to make a distribution available to any
holders of ADSs. For example, it would be unlawful to make a distribution to a holder of ADSs if it
consists of securities that require registration under the Securities Act, but that are not properly
registered or distributed pursuant to an applicable exemption from registration. The depositary is not
responsible for making a distribution available to any holders of ADSs if any government approval or
registration required for such distribution cannot be obtained after reasonable efforts made by the
depositary. We have no obligation to take any other action to permit the distribution of the ADSs,
ordinary shares, rights or anything else to holders of the ADSs. This means that you may not receive
the distributions we make on our ordinary shares or any value for them if it is illegal or impractical
for us to make them available to you. These restrictions may materially reduce the value of your ADSs.

Holders of the ADSs may not be able to participate in rights offerings and may experience
dilution of their holdings.

From time to time, we may distribute rights to our shareholders, including rights to acquire
securities. Under the deposit agreement, the depositary will not distribute rights to holders of ADSs
unless the distribution and sale of rights and the securities to which these rights relate are either
exempt from registration under the U.S. Securities Act with respect to all holders of ADSs or are
registered under the U.S. Securities Act. The depositary may, but is not required to, attempt to sell
these undistributed rights to third parties and may allow the rights to lapse. We may be unable to
establish an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act, and we are under no obligation
to file a registration statement with respect to these rights or underlying securities or to try to have
a registration statement declared effective. Accordingly, holders of ADSs may be unable to participate
in our rights offerings and may experience dilution of their holdings as a result.

Our corporate actions are substantially controlled by our Directors, executive officers and other
principal shareholders, who can exert significant influence over important corporate matters,
which may reduce the price of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs and deprive you of an
opportunity to receive a premium for your ordinary shares and/or ADSs.

Our Directors, executive officers and principal shareholders beneficially owned approximately
60.8% of our outstanding ordinary shares as of April 20, 2018. These shareholders, if acting together,
could exert substantial
influence over matters such as electing directors and approving material
mergers, acquisitions or other business combination transactions. This concentration of ownership

— 107 —

