APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

amounts (such as provincial acceptance of the National Reimbursement Drug List pricing in the PRC).
The Group regularly reviews the information related to these estimates and adjust
the provision
accordingly.

The Group bases its sales returns allowance on estimated distributor inventories, customer
demand as reported by third-party sources, and actual returns history, as well as other factors, as
appropriate. If the historical data the Group used to calculate these estimates do not properly reflect
future returns,
then a change in the allowance would be made in the period in which such a
determination is made and revenues in that period could be materially affected. Any changes from the
historical trend rates are considered in determining the current sales return allowance. To date, sales
returns have not been significant.

Collaboration revenue

For

the purpose of preparing the Historical Financial

Information for accounting periods
beginning after December 15, 2016, the Group early adopted ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers, which allows early adoption for accounting periods beginning after December 15, 2016.
ASC606 requires the Group to perform the following five steps: (i) identify the contract(s) with a
customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction
price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v)
recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The Group only applies
the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the Group will collect the consideration it is
entitled to in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer.

Once the contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606 at inception, the Group
assesses the goods or services promised within each contract and determines those that are separate
and distinct, and therefore represent a separate performance obligation. The Group allocates the
non-contingent arrangement consideration to each identified performance obligation based on the
relative standalone selling price of each performance obligation,
then recognizes as revenue the
amount of the arrangement consideration allocated to the respective performance obligation when (or
as) the performance obligation is satisfied, either at a point in time or over time depending on how
the respective performance obligation is satisfied. Typically, the Group’s collaboration agreements
consist of two performance obligations, which are license and the research and development services.
The upfront fee allocated to the license is recognized at a point in time, upon the transfer of license,
and the upfront fee allocated to the research and development services is deferred and recognized as
time, as the related services are performed. Research and development service
revenue over
reimbursement
revenue for
the collaboration
arrangement with Celgene are recognized over time, as the related research and development services
are performed.

trials that Celgene opts into under

the clinical

The Group’s collaboration agreements entitle the Group to additional payments upon the
achievement of certain milestones, including development milestones based on the advancement of
clinical
trials; regulatory milestones based on approval from relevant regulatory agencies, and
sales-based milestones based on meeting specific thresholds of sales in certain geographic areas. The
Group evaluates whether it is probable that the consideration associated with each milestone will not
be subject to a significant reversal in the cumulative amount of revenue recognized. Amounts that

— I-24 —

