APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF THE CONSTITUTION OF THE
COMPANY AND CAYMAN COMPANIES LAW

provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. It
is
possible that, in connection with one or more actions or proceedings described above, a court could
find the choice of forum provisions contained in our Articles of Association to be inapplicable or
unenforceable.

Liquidation

On a winding up of our company, if the assets available for distribution among the holders of our
the
ordinary shares shall be more than sufficient
commencement of the winding up, the surplus will be distributed among the holders of our ordinary
shares on a pro rata basis in proportion to the par value of the ordinary shares held by them. If our
assets available for distribution are insufficient to repay all of the paid-up capital, the assets will be
distributed so that the losses are borne by the holders of our ordinary shares in proportion to the par
value of the ordinary shares held by them.

to repay the whole of

the share capital at

The liquidator may, with the sanction of a special resolution of our shareholders and any other
sanction required by the Companies Law, divide amongst the shareholders in species or in kind the
whole or any part of the assets of our company, and may for that purpose value any assets and
determine how the division shall be carried out as between our shareholders or different classes of
shareholders.

Because we are a “limited liability” company registered under the Companies Law, the liability
of our shareholders is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid on the shares respectively held by them.
Our Articles contain a declaration that the liability of our shareholders is so limited.

SUMMARY OF CAYMAN ISLANDS COMPANY LAW AND TAXATION

Introduction

The Companies Law is derived, to a large extent, from the older Companies Acts of England and
Wales, but does not follow recent United Kingdom statutory enactments, and accordingly there are
significant differences between the Companies Law and the current Companies Act of England. Set out
below is a summary of certain provisions of the Companies Law, although this does not purport to
contain all applicable qualifications and exceptions or to be a complete review of all matters of
corporate law and taxation which may differ from equivalent provisions in jurisdictions with which
interested parties may be more familiar.

Incorporation

The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited
liability on October 28, 2010 under the Companies Law. As such, its operations must be conducted
mainly outside the Cayman Islands. The Company is required to file an annual return each year with
the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands and pay a fee which is based on the size of its
authorized share capital.

— III-8 —

