BUSINESS

The safety analysis suggested that pamiparib was generally well-tolerated in patients with
advanced solid tumors. AEs assessed to be treatment-related occurred in 78% of patients and were all
grade 3 or lower in severity. The most common treatment-related AEs (≥10% of patients) were nausea
(56%), fatigue (40%), anemia (25%), vomiting (21%), diarrhea (21%), decreased appetite (15%), and
neutropenia or neutrophil count decrease (12%). SAEs occurred in 46% of patients, and SAEs
considered to be treatment-related and occurring in more than one patient included two cases each of
nausea and anemia. Four patients reported dose-limiting toxicity, or DLT. Four patients had a
treatment-emergent AE with a fatal outcome, none were assessed as being treatment-related and all of
which were associated with disease progression.

At the time of the data cutoff, 39 patients with epithelial ovarian cancer, or EOC, or associated
tumors such as fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancers were evaluable for efficacy. Among this
group, there were three confirmed CRs, 10 confirmed PRs, and 21 cases of SD. Of the 23 evaluable
patients with EOC or other associated tumors known to be BRCA-mutated, there were three CRs,
seven PRs, and 10 cases of SD. Of the 13 evaluable patients whose BRCA gene types are wild type,
there were two PRs. Of the three evaluable patients whose BRCA gene types were unknown, there was
one PR. Complete and partial responses were observed in patients known to be platinum-resistant as
well as patients with platinum-sensitive disease. There is no guarantee that these results will be
reproduced in pivotal trials.

On April 16, 2018, we presented the preliminary clinical data from the open-label, multi-center
Phase 1 dose-escalation trial of pamiparib in Chinese patients with locally advanced or metastatic
high-grade non-mucinous ovarian cancer, or HGOC, including fallopian cancer, or triple-negative
breast cancer, or TNBC, who had disease progression following at least one line of chemotherapy at
the 2018 American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting in Chicago, IL.

Patients were dosed at 20mg, 40mg, or 60mg BID. As of September 25, 2017, 15 female patients
were enrolled, nine with HGOC and six with TNBC. Nine patients received four or more prior lines
of therapies. All nine patients with HGOC were platinum-resistant (n=8) or refractory (n=1). Seven
patients had a confirmed BRCA1/2 mutation (BRCAm), including five patients with HGOC and two
patients with TNBC and the remaining patients had BRCA 1/2 wildtype (BRCA-WT). The median
duration of treatment was 2.5 months (range: 8-260 days).

The safety analysis suggested that pamiparib was generally well-tolerated. No dose-limiting
toxicities were reported across the dose range, with RP2D confirmed as 60mg BID. Asthenia (n=12)
and nausea (n=12) were the most commonly reported treatment-emergent AE. Severity of all AEs was
grade 3 or less. Overall, three patients experienced a serious AE (grade 2 abdominal infection, n=1;
grade 3 pleural effusion, n=1; grade 3 ileus, n=1), none of which were considered related to treatment.
Two of the SAEs led to treatment withdrawal (abdominal infection, n=1; pleural effusion, n=1).

As of September 25, 2017, 13 of the 15 patients were evaluable for antitumor activity; five
patients remained on treatment. Two of the nine HGOC patients achieved a confirmed PR including
one platinum-refractory patient with BRCA wildtype status and one platinum-resistant patient with
BRCA1/2 mutation, six HGOC patients had SD (BRCAm, n=4 and BRCA-WT, n=2) and one patient
discontinued before the first
five

the six treated TNBC patients,

radiographic assessment. Of

— 230 —

