STRUCTURE OF THE GLOBAL OFFERING

THE HONG KONG PUBLIC OFFERING

Number of Offer Shares initially offered

The Company is initially offering 5,904,000 Shares for subscription by the public in Hong Kong
the Offer Price, representing approximately 9% of the total number of Offer Shares initially
at
available under the Global Offering. The number of Offer Shares initially offered under the Hong
Kong Public Offering, subject to any reallocation of Offer Shares between the International Placing
and the Hong Kong Public Offering, will represent approximately 0.77% of the total Shares in issue
immediately following the completion of the Global Offering (assuming the Over-allotment Option is
not exercised).

The Hong Kong Public Offering is open to members of the public in Hong Kong as well as to
institutional and professional
investors generally include brokers, dealers,
companies (including fund managers) whose ordinary business involves dealing in shares and other
securities and corporate entities that regularly invest in shares and other securities.

investors. Professional

Completion of the Hong Kong Public Offering is subject

to the conditions set out

in the

sub-section headed “Conditions of the Global Offering” in this section.

Allocation

Allocation of Offer Shares to investors under the Hong Kong Public Offering will be based solely
on the level of valid applications received under the Hong Kong Public Offering. The basis of
allocation may vary, depending on the number of Hong Kong Offer Shares validly applied for by
applicants. Such allocation could, where appropriate, consist of balloting, which could mean that some
applicants may receive a higher allocation than others who have applied for the same number of Hong
Kong Offer Shares, and those applicants who are not successful in the ballot may not receive any Hong
Kong Offer Shares.

For allocation purposes only, the total number of Hong Kong Offer Shares available under the
Hong Kong Public Offering (after taking into account any reallocation referred to below) will be
divided equally (to the nearest board lot) into two pools: pool A and pool B. The Hong Kong Offer
Shares in pool A will be allocated on an equitable basis to applicants who have applied for Hong Kong
Offer Shares with an aggregate price of HK$5 million (excluding the brokerage, the SFC transaction
levy and the Stock Exchange trading fee payable) or less. The Hong Kong Offer Shares in pool B will
be allocated on an equitable basis to applicants who have applied for Hong Kong Offer Shares with
an aggregate price of more than HK$5 million (excluding the brokerage, the SFC transaction levy and
the Stock Exchange trading fee payable) and up to the total value in pool B.

Investors should be aware that applications in pool A and applications in pool B may receive
different allocation ratios. If any Hong Kong Offer Shares in one (but not both) of the pools are
unsubscribed, such unsubscribed Hong Kong Offer Shares will be transferred to the other pool to
satisfy demand in that other pool and be allocated accordingly. For the purpose of the immediately
preceding paragraph only,
the “price” for Hong Kong Offer Shares means the price payable on

— 353 —

