RISK FACTORS

Risks Related to Our Doing Business in the PRC

The pharmaceutical industry in China is highly regulated and such regulations are subject to
change which may affect approval and commercialization of our drugs.

to comprehensive government

A large portion of our business is conducted in China. The pharmaceutical industry in China is
subject
regulation and supervision, encompassing the approval,
registration, manufacturing, packaging, licensing and marketing of new drugs. In recent years, the
regulatory framework in China regarding the pharmaceutical
industry has undergone significant
changes, and we expect that it will continue to undergo significant changes. Any such changes or
amendments may result in increased compliance costs on our business or cause delays in or prevent
the successful development or commercialization of our drug candidates or drugs in China and reduce
the current benefits we believe are available to us from developing and manufacturing drugs in China.
Chinese authorities have become increasingly vigilant
in enforcing laws in the pharmaceutical
industry and any failure by us or our partners to maintain compliance with applicable laws and
regulations or obtain and maintain required licenses and permits may result in the suspension or
termination of our business activities in China. We believe our strategy and approach is aligned with
the Chinese government’s policies, but we cannot ensure that our strategy and approach will continue
to be aligned.

Changes in the political and economic policies of the PRC government may materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and may result in
our inability to sustain our growth and expansion strategies.

Due to our extensive operations in China, our business, results of operations, financial condition
and prospects may be influenced to a significant degree by economic, political, legal and social
conditions in the PRC. China’s economy differs from the economies of developed countries in many
respects, including with respect to the amount of government involvement, level of development,
growth rate, control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. While the PRC economy has
experienced significant growth over the past four decades, growth has been uneven across different
regions and among various economic sectors of the PRC. The PRC government has implemented
various measures to encourage economic development and guide the allocation of resources. Some of
these measures may benefit the overall PRC economy, but may have a negative effect on us. For
example, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by government
control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations that are currently applicable to us. In
addition,
including interest rate
increases, to control the pace of economic growth. These measures may cause decreased economic
activity in the PRC, which may adversely affect our business and results of operation. More generally,
if the business environment in the PRC deteriorates from the perspective of domestic or international
investment, our business in the PRC may also be adversely affected.

implemented certain measures,

in the past

the PRC government

— 91 —

