BUSINESS

In 2018, we plan to seek to differentiate and defend ABRAXANE威 against generic competition
in China, expand our sales force footprint and hospital coverage, and improve patient access through
critical illness insurance negotiations and provincial reimbursement listings. As of July 18, 2018,
ABRAXANE威 is listed on provincial reimbursement drug lists of Fujian, Hubei, Ningxia, and Jiangsu,
as well as in critical illness insurance program in Zhejiang and Shandong. ABRAXANE威 has recently
been added to the PRDL in Hunan, effective September 1, 2018.

REVLIMID威

REVLIMID威 (lenalidomide) is an oral immunomodulatory drug that was approved by the CDA
in China in 2013 for the treatment of multiple myeloma, or MM, in combination with dexamethasone
in adult patients who have received at least one prior therapy. On February 2, 2018, REVLIMID威
received CDA approval of a new indication for
the treatment of MM in combination with
dexamethasone in adult patients with previously untreated MM who are not eligible for transplant.

MM is a malignant plasma cell disease whose tumor cells originate in plasma cells in the bone
marrow, which are cells in which B-lymphocytes develop to the final functional phase. The current
World Health Organization classifies it as a B-cell lymphoma, also known as plasma cell myeloma /
plasmacytoma. MM is characterized by abnormal proliferation of bone marrow plasma cells
accompanied by overproduction of monoclonal
immunoglobulin. MM is often accompanied by
multiple osteolytic lesions, hypercalcemia, anemia, and kidney damage. Due to the inhibition of
normal immunoglobulin production, patients are prone to a variety of bacterial infections.

At present, MM is one of the most common malignant tumors in the blood system and occurs
frequently in the elderly. The actual incidence increases with age, peaking from 60 to 70 years of age.
Men suffer slightly more than women. Globally, the incidence was estimated at 2 to 3 per 100,000,
with a male-to-female ratio of 1.6:1, and most patients are over 40 years old, according to Siegel et
al., 2011 and IMS analysis. It is estimated that the incidence rate of MM is approximately 1-2 per
100,000 people in China, or approximately 18,000 new patients in 2017, out of which 10,000 are in
urban populations, according to Lu et al., 2014, IMS analysis, and local market research. With a
growing aging population and improving diagnosis, China has seen a steady increase in MM
incidence.

Although MM cannot be cured, the progression of the disease can be controlled. The purpose of
treatment is to extend patients’ survival and improve quality of life. The main treatments for MM in
China include VELCADE威, which is a proteasome inhibitor marketed by Johnson and Johnson in
China since 2006, generic thalidomide and REVLIMID威. VELCADE威 currently dominates the market
in first-line MM treatment in China, while VELCADE威 and REVLIMID威 share the market in the
second line. Chinese guidelines recommend lenalidomide as a standard of care for the treatment of
R/R and newly diagnosed MM as well as in the maintenance setting. The first lenalidomide generic
and first bortezomib generic in China were approved in November 2017. Another new agent for R/R
MM, ixazomib, an oral proteasome inhibitor developed by Takeda, received marketing approval from
the CDA on April 12, 2018. In February 2018, generic lenalidomide from Shuanglu Pharmaceutical
Company was approved by the CDA.

— 235 —

