RISK FACTORS

Fee-shifting articles are relatively new and untested in the Cayman Islands, the United States and
Hong Kong. The case law and potential legislative action on fee-shifting articles are evolving and
there exists considerable uncertainty regarding the validity of, and potential judicial and legislative
responses to, such articles. The application of our fee-shifting article in connection with claims under
the Cayman Islands, United States or Hong Kong securities laws, if any, will depend in part on future
developments of the law. We cannot assure you that we will or will not invoke our fee-shifting article
in any particular dispute. Consistent with our Directors’ fiduciary duties to act in the best interests of
the Company, the Directors may in their sole discretion from time to time decide whether or not to
enforce this article. In addition, given the unsettled state of the law related to fee-shifting articles,
such as ours, we may incur significant additional costs associated with resolving disputes with respect
to such articles, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition.

If a Shareholder that brings any such claim or proceeding is unable to obtain the judgment
sought, the attorneys’ fees and other litigation expenses that might be shifted to a claiming party are
potentially significant. This fee-shifting article, therefore, may dissuade or discourage current or
former Shareholders (and their attorneys) from initiating lawsuits or claims against us. In addition, it
may impact the fees, contingency or otherwise, required by potential plaintiffs’ attorneys to represent
our Shareholders or otherwise discourage plaintiffs’ attorneys from representing our Shareholders at
all. As a result, this article may limit the ability of shareholders to affect the management and direction
of our company, particularly through litigation or the threat of litigation.

Holders of the ADSs may be subject to limitations on transfer of their ADSs.

Your ADSs are transferable on the books of the depositary. However, the depositary may close
its books at any time or from time to time when it deems expedient in connection with the performance
of its duties. The depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer or register transfers of your ADSs generally
when our books or the books of the depositary are closed, or at any time if we or the depositary think
it is advisable to do so because of any requirement of law, government or governmental body, or under
any provision of the deposit agreement, as amended, or for any other reason, subject to your right to
cancel your ADSs and withdraw the underlying ordinary shares. Temporary delays in the cancellation
of your ADSs and withdrawal of the underlying common shares may arise because the depositary has
closed its transfer books or we have closed our transfer books, the transfer of ordinary shares is
blocked to permit voting at a shareholders’ meeting or we are paying a dividend on our ordinary
shares.

In addition, you may not be able to cancel your ADSs and withdraw the underlying ordinary
shares when you owe money for fees, taxes and similar charges and when it is necessary to prohibit
withdrawals in order to comply with any laws or governmental regulations that apply to ADSs or to
the withdrawal of ordinary shares or other deposited securities.

The depositary for the ADSs is entitled to charge holders fees for various services, including
annual service fees.

The depositary for the ADSs is entitled to charge holders fees for various services including for
the issuance of ADSs upon deposit of ordinary shares, cancellation of ADSs, distributions of cash
dividends or other cash distributions, distributions of ADSs pursuant to share dividends or other free

— 106 —

