APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Share-based compensation

Awards granted to employees

The Group applies ASC 718, Compensation—Stock Compensation (“ASC 718”), to account for
its employee share-based payments. In accordance with ASC 718, the Group determines whether an
award should be classified and accounted for as a liability award or equity award. All the Group’s
grants of share-based awards to employees were classified as equity awards and are recognized in the
financial statements based on their grant date fair values. Specifically, the grant date fair value of
share options is calculated using an option pricing model. The fair value of restricted shares and
restricted share units are based on the closing market price of the common stock on the Nasdaq Global
Select Market on the date of grant. The Group has elected to recognize compensation expense using
the straight-line method for all employee equity awards granted with graded vesting based on service
conditions provided that the amount of compensation cost recognized at any date is at least equal to
the portion of the grant-date value of the options that are vested at that date. The Group uses the
accelerated method for all awards granted with graded vesting based on performance conditions. To
the extent that the required vesting conditions are not met resulting in the forfeiture of the share-based
awards, previously recognized compensation expense relating to those awards are reversed. ASC 718
requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in the subsequent
period if actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates.

Forfeiture rates are estimated based on historical and future expectations of employee turnover
rates and are adjusted to reflect future changes in circumstances and facts,
if any. Share-based
compensation expense is recorded net of estimated forfeitures such that expense is recorded only for
those share-based awards that are expected to vest. To the extent that the Group revises these estimates
in the future, the share-based payments could be materially impacted in the period of revision, as well
as in following periods. The Group, with the assistance of an independent third-party valuation firm,
determined the estimated fair value of the stock options granted to employees using the binomial
option pricing model.

Awards granted to non-employees

The Group has accounted for equity instruments issued to non-employees in accordance with the
provisions of ASC 718 and ASC 505, Equity. All transactions in which goods or services are received
in exchange for equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration
received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The
measurement date of the fair value of the equity instrument
issued is the date on which the
counterparty’s performance is completed as there is no associated performance commitment. The
expense is recognized in the same manner as if the Group had paid cash for the services provided by
the non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50, Equity-based Payments to Non-employees. The
Group estimates the fair value of share options granted to non-employees using the same method as
employees.

— I-28 —

