FUTURE PLANS AND USE OF PROCEEDS

•

•

15% of net proceeds, or HK$971.5 million, to fund continued expansion of our product
portfolio in cancer and potentially other therapeutic areas through internal research and
external licenses and business development collaborations, including the development cost
of internal early clinical and preclinical-stage pipeline agents and in-licensed pipeline
agents;

10% of net proceeds, or HK$647.6 million,
capabilities and general corporate purposes.

for working capital, expanding internal

In the event that we receive net proceeds from the Global Offering higher or lower than the
estimated amount stated above (including where we make a Downward Offer Price Adjustment to set
the final Offer Price at HK$85.00 per Offer Share), we will increase or decrease the intended use of
the net proceeds for the above purposes on a pro rata basis (other than the costs associated with the
registration filings, which we expect to remain relatively fixed). In addition, the funds estimated to
be allocated to our clinical programs may differ from what is provided above, based on actual results
from ongoing clinical trials. We expect to incur capital expenditures of approximately US$170.0
million in 2018 and 2019 related to completing our biologics manufacturing facility in Guangzhou. We
currently plan to use our existing cash and short-term investments to fund this project.

To the extent that the net proceeds of the Global Offering are not immediately required for the
above purposes or if we are unable to put into effect any part of our development plan as intended,
we may hold such funds in short-term deposits so long as it is deemed to be in the best interests of
the Company. In such event, we will comply with the appropriate disclosure requirements under the
Listing Rules.

Since we are an offshore holding company, we will need to make capital contributions and loans
to our PRC subsidiaries such that the net proceeds of this offering can be used in the manner described
above. Such capital contributions and loans are subject to a number of limitations and approval
processes under PRC laws and regulations. There are no costs associated with registering loans or
capital contributions with relevant PRC authorities, other than nominal processing charges. Under
PRC laws and regulations, the PRC governmental authorities or designated banks are required to
process such approvals or registrations or deny our application within a prescribed period, which are
usually less than 90 days. The actual time taken, however, may be longer due to administrative delay.
We cannot assure you that we can obtain the approvals from the relevant governmental authorities, or
complete the registration and filing procedures required to use our net proceeds as described above,
in each case on a timely basis, or at all. This is because PRC regulation of loans and direct investment
by offshore holding companies to PRC entities may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds of
this offering to make loans or additional capital contributions to our PRC operating subsidiaries,
which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our
business. See the section headed “Risk Factors — Risk Related to Our Doing Business in the PRC —
Restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize our revenue effectively.”

— 338 —

