RISK FACTORS

We are a Cayman Islands company. Because judicial precedent regarding the rights of
shareholders is more limited under Cayman Islands law than under Hong Kong law or U.S. law,
shareholders may have fewer shareholder rights than they would have under Hong Kong law or
U.S. law and may face difficulties in protecting your interests.

We are an exempted company with limited liability incorporated in the Cayman Islands. Our
corporate affairs are governed by our Articles of Association (as may be further amended from time
to time), the Companies Law (as amended) of the Cayman Islands and the common law of the Cayman
Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against
the Directors, actions by minority
shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our Directors are to a large extent governed by the
common law of the Cayman Islands. This common law is derived in part from comparatively limited
judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, which has persuasive,
but not binding, authority on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the
fiduciary responsibilities of our Directors under Cayman Islands law are not as clearly established as
they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in Hong Kong and the United
States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a less developed body of securities law than the Hong
Kong or United States In addition, some states in the United States, such as Delaware, have more fully
developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law than the Cayman Islands.

In addition, as a Cayman Islands exempted company, our shareholders have no general rights
under Cayman Islands law to inspect corporate records and accounts or to obtain copies of lists of
shareholders of these companies with the exception that the shareholders may request a copy of the
Articles of Association. Our Directors have discretion under our Articles of Association to determine
whether or not, and under what conditions, our corporate records may be inspected by our
shareholders, but are not obliged to make them available to our shareholders. This may make it more
difficult for you to obtain the information needed to establish any facts necessary for a shareholder
motion or to solicit proxies from other shareholders in connection with a proxy contest. As a Cayman
Islands company, we may not have standing to initiate a derivative action in a federal court of the
United States. As a result, you may be limited in your ability to protect your interests if you are
harmed in a manner that would otherwise enable you to sue in a Hong Kong or U.S. federal court. In
addition, shareholders of Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholder
derivative action in Hong Kong or United States federal courts.

Some of our Directors and executive officers reside outside of Hong Kong and the United States
and a substantial portion of their assets are located outside of Hong Kong and the United States. As
a result, it may be difficult or impossible for you to bring an action against us or against these
individuals in the Cayman Islands or in China in the event that you believe that your rights have been
infringed under the securities laws of Hong Kong, the United States or otherwise. In addition, some
of our operating subsidiaries are incorporated in China. To the extent our Directors and executive
officers reside in China or their assets are located in China, it may not be possible for investors to
effect service of process upon us or our management inside China. Even if you are successful in
bringing an action, the laws of the Cayman Islands and China may render you unable to enforce a
judgment against our assets or the assets of our Directors and officers. There is no statutory
recognition in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, Hong Kong or China,
although the courts of the Cayman Islands will generally recognize and enforce a non-penal judgment
of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits.

— 103 —

