BUSINESS

As of the Latest Practicable Date, our leased properties have a total gross floor area of
approximately 44,789 square meters, and each leased property ranges from a gross floor area of
approximately 48 square meters to 11,290 square meters. The relevant lease agreements have lease
expiration dates ranging from August 21, 2018 to January 31, 2024.

As of the Latest Practicable Date, the lessor of two of our leased properties in China had not
provided us with valid title certificate, valid title certificate for commercial purpose or relevant
authorization documents evidencing its rights to lease the property to us. As a result, this lease may
not be valid, and there are risks that we may not be able to continue to use such property.

Pursuant to the applicable PRC laws and regulations, property lease contracts must be registered
with the local branch of the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development of the PRC. As of the
Latest Practicable Date, except for one lease is (located in Room 1506, Tower A, NO. 33, Zhongshan
No.3 Road, Yuexiu District, Guangzhou) renewing the lease registration, we had not obtained any
lease registration for the rest of the properties we leased in China, primarily due to the difficulty of
procuring our lessors’ cooperation to register such leases. The registration of such leases will require
the cooperation of our lessors. We will take all practicable and reasonable steps to ensure that the
unregistered leases are registered. Our PRC Legal Advisor has advised us that the lack of registration
of the lease contracts will not affect the validity of the lease agreements under PRC laws.

Health, Safety and Environmental Matters

We and third parties, such as our CROs and CMOs, are subject to numerous environmental,
health and safety laws and regulations,
including those governing laboratory procedures and the
handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Our operations
involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological materials.
Our operations also produce hazardous waste products. We generally contract with third parties for the
disposal of these materials and wastes. During the Track Record Period and up to the Latest
Practicable Date, we had not been subject
to any fines or other penalties due to material
non-compliance with health, safety or environmental regulations.

Legal Proceedings and Compliance

From time to time we may become involved in legal proceedings or be subject to claims arising
in the ordinary course of our business. As of the Latest Practicable Date, we were not aware of any
current, pending or
administrative
proceedings against us that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
financial condition or cash flows.

litigation arbitration proceedings or

threatened material

On June 8, 2017, Nasdaq notified us that the resignation from our Board of Ke Tang, one of our
audit committee members caused us to no longer comply with Nasdaq’s audit committee requirements
in Nasdaq listing rule 5605, which require that audit committees have at least three members. Ke Tang
had served as a member of the Board since October 2014, and his resignation was due to his decision
not to stand for re-election to the Board when his term expired at our annual general meeting of

— 255 —

