APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

In 2013, the Company entered into a license agreement with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany
for pamiparib,
in which it granted to Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany an exclusive license to
develop, manufacture, and, in certain circumstances, commercialize pamiparib outside of the PRC,
and Merck KGaA Darmstadt Germany granted the Company an exclusive license to develop,
manufacture and commercialize pamiparib in the PRC Territory. On October 1, 2015, the Company
entered into a purchase of rights agreement with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany, pursuant to which
the Company purchased from Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany all of its exclusive rights to
pamiparib in the ex-PRC territories for a consideration of US$10,000,000, and reduced the future
milestone payments the Company is eligible to receive under the PRC license agreement. The
repurchase consideration of US$10,000,000 associated with the reacquisition of
the rights to
pamiparib was charged to research and development expenses as incurred because the rights have no
alternative future use. As Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany has no further rights in the ex-PRC
territory under the collaborative agreements, the deferred revenue previously received from Merck
KGaA, Darmstadt Germany, amounting to US$3,018,000, was offset against
the aforementioned
repurchase consideration.

In December 2017, the Company achieved the milestone for dosing a patient in the first Phase
2 clinical trial of pamiparib in the PRC Territory, and the related US$1,000,000 milestone payment
received in January 2018, was recognized as research and development services revenue in the year
ended December 31, 2017. No other development based targets have been achieved and none of the
products have been approved. Hence, no revenue has been recognized related to royalties or
commercial event targets in any of the periods presented. In addition, no payments, except for the
repurchase consideration of US$10,000,000, have been made to the collaborator for any of the periods
presented.

4.

BUSINESS COMBINATION

On August 31, 2017, BeiGene HK acquired 100% of the equity interests of Celgene Shanghai,
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Celgene Holdings East Corporation established under the laws of the
PRC. Celgene Shanghai
things, providing marketing and
promotional services in connection with certain pharmaceutical products manufactured by Celgene.
The name of Celgene Shanghai has been changed to BeiGene Pharmaceutical (Shanghai).

is in the business of, among other

On July 5, 2017, the Group and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Celgene, Celgene Logistics Sàrl
(“Celgene Logistics”), entered into a license agreement pursuant to which the Group has been granted
the right to exclusively distribute and promote Celgene’s approved cancer therapies, ABRAXANE威,
REVLIMID威, and VIDAZA威, and its investigational agent CC-122 in clinical development (the
“Distribution Rights”), in China excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan (the “Chinese License
Agreement”). The China License Agreement became effective on August 31, 2017 contemporaneously
with the closing of the acquisition of Celgene Shanghai and the A&R PD-1 License Agreement.

— I-37 —

