APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

2.

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Basis of presentation and preparation

For the purpose of this report,

the Historical Financial Information has been prepared in
accordance with US GAAP issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) and
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. All US GAAP effective for the
accounting period commencing from January 1, 2018,
transitional
provisions, have been early adopted by the Group, to the extent permitted, in preparation of the
Historical Financial
the Relevant Periods. The Historical Financial
Information includes the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries.

together with the relevant

Information throughout

The Historical Financial Information has been prepared under the historical cost convention
except for the Group’s financial instruments, primarily short-term investments, which were stated at
fair value.

Principle of consolidation

All significant intercompany transactions and balances between the Company and its subsidiaries

are eliminated upon consolidation.

Non-controlling interests are recognized to reflect the portion of the equity of subsidiaries which
are not attributable, directly or indirectly, to the controlling shareholders. The Company consolidates
its interests in its joint venture, BeiGene Biologics, under the voting model and recognizes the
minority shareholder’s equity interest as a non-controlling interest
in its consolidated financial
statements (as described in Note II.11).

Use of estimates

to make estimates and assumptions that affect

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires
management
the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities, and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Areas where management uses
subjective judgment include, but are not limited to, estimating the useful lives of long-lived assets,
estimating sales rebates and returns allowance to arrive at net product revenues, identifying separate
accounting units and the best estimate of the selling price of each deliverable in the Company’s
revenue arrangements, estimating the fair value of net assets acquired in business combinations,
assessing the impairment of long-lived assets, share-based compensation expenses,
inventories,
realizability of deferred tax assets and the fair value of financial instruments. Management bases the
estimates on historical experience, known trends and various other assumptions that are believed to
be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of
assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from these estimates.

— I-16 —

