RISK FACTORS

•

•

•

cash requirements of any future acquisitions and/or
candidates;

the development of other drug

the cost and timing of development and completion of commercial-scale internal or
outsourced manufacturing activities; and

our headcount growth and associated costs.

Adequate additional funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are
unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we would be forced to delay, reduce or
eliminate our research and development programs or future commercialization efforts. Our inability
to obtain additional funding when we need it could seriously harm our business.

Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our shareholders, restrict our operations or
require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or drug candidates.

in increased fixed payment obligations and could also result

We may seek additional funding through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings,
collaborations and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the
sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms may
include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a holder of our ordinary
indebtedness or the issuance of certain equity
shares and/or ADSs. The incurrence of additional
securities could result
in certain
additional restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt or issue
additional equity, limitations on our ability to acquire or license intellectual property rights and other
operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. In addition,
issuance of additional equity securities, or the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market price
of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares to decline. In the event that we enter into collaborations or
licensing arrangements in order to raise capital, we may be required to accept unfavorable terms,
including relinquishing or licensing to a third party on unfavorable terms our rights to technologies
or drug candidates that we otherwise would seek to develop or commercialize ourselves or potentially
reserve for future potential arrangements when we might be able to achieve more favorable terms.

Fluctuations in exchange rates could result in foreign currency exchange losses and could
materially reduce the value of your investment.

We incur portions of our expenses, and derive revenues, in currencies other than the U.S. dollar
or Hong Kong dollar, in particular, the RMB and Australian dollar. As a result, we are exposed to
foreign currency exchange risk as our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations
in foreign currency exchange rates. We currently do not engage in hedging transactions to protect
against uncertainty in future exchange rates between particular foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar.
A decline in the value of the U.S. dollar against currencies in countries in which we conduct clinical
trials could have a negative impact on our research and development costs. We cannot predict the
impact of foreign currency fluctuations, and foreign currency fluctuations in the future may adversely
affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

— 63 —

