RISK FACTORS

An investment in our ordinary shares and/or ADSs involves significant risks. You should
carefully consider all of the information in this prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties
described below, as well as our financial statements and the related notes, and the “Financial
Information” section, before deciding to invest in our ordinary shares and/or ADSs. The following
is a description of what we consider to be our material risks. Any of the following risks could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth
prospects. In any such an event, the market price of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs could decline,
and you may lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently
known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations.

These factors are contingencies that may or may not occur, and we are not in a position to
express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. The information given is as of
the Latest Practicable Date unless otherwise stated, will not be updated after the date hereof, and
is subject to the cautionary statements in the section headed “Forward-looking Statements” in this
prospectus.

Risks Related to Clinical Development of Our Drug Candidates

We depend substantially on the success of our drug candidates, which are in clinical
development. If we are unable to successfully complete clinical development, obtain regulatory
approval and commercialize our drug candidates, or experience significant delays in doing so,
our business will be materially harmed.

Our

regulatory

approval

depend

on

the

business will

and
commercialization of our drug candidates for the treatment of patients with cancer, which are still in
clinical development, and other drug candidates we may develop. We have invested a significant
portion of our efforts and financial resources in the development of our existing drug candidates. The
success of our drug candidates will depend on several factors, including:

development,

successful

•

•

•

•

•

•

successful enrollment
preclinical studies;

in, and completion of, clinical

trials, as well as completion of

favorable safety and efficacy data from our clinical trials and other studies;

receipt of regulatory approvals;

establishing commercial manufacturing capabilities, either by building facilities ourselves
or making arrangements with third-party manufacturers;

the performance by contract research organizations, or CROs, or other third parties we may
retain of their duties to us in a manner that complies with our protocols and applicable laws
and that protects the integrity of the resulting data;

obtaining and maintaining patent, trade secret and other intellectual property protection and
regulatory exclusivity;

— 41 —

