RISK FACTORS

Pursuant to the Arrangement between Mainland China and Hong Kong Special Administrative
Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes
on Income (《內地和香港特別行政區關於對所得避免雙重徵稅和防止偷漏稅的安排》), or the Hong
Kong Tax Treaty, BeiGene HK, the shareholder of some of our PRC subsidiaries, may be subject to
a withholding tax at a rate of 5% on dividends received from our PRC operating subsidiaries as a Hong
Kong tax resident. Pursuant to the Hong Kong Tax Treaty, subject to certain conditions, this reduced
withholding tax rate will be available for dividends from PRC entities provided that the recipient can
demonstrate it is a Hong Kong tax resident and it is the beneficial owner of the dividends. BeiGene
HK currently does not hold a Hong Kong tax resident certificate from the Inland Revenue Department
of Hong Kong and there is no assurance that the reduced withholding tax rate will be available.

We may be treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes under the EIT Law and we
may therefore be subject to PRC income tax on our worldwide taxable income. Dividends
payable to foreign investors and gains on the sale of our ADSs or ordinary shares by our
foreign investors may become subject to PRC tax.

of

the

enterprise.

In

addition,

the Notice Regarding

Under the EIT Law an enterprise established outside the PRC with “de facto management bodies”
within the PRC is considered a “resident enterprise,” meaning that it is treated in a manner similar to
a Chinese enterprise for PRC enterprise income tax, or EIT, purposes. The implementing rules of the
EIT Law define “de facto management bodies” as “management bodies that exercise substantial and
overall management and control over the production and operations, personnel, accounting and
properties”
of
Chinese-Controlled Offshore Incorporated Enterprises as PRC Tax Resident Enterprises on the Basis
of De Facto Management Bodies (《關於境外註冊中資控股企業依據實際管理機構標準認定為居民企
業有關問題的通知》), or Circular 82, specifies that certain Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated
enterprises, defined as enterprises incorporated under the laws of foreign countries or territories and
that have PRC enterprises or enterprise groups as their primary controlling shareholders, will be
classified as resident enterprises if all of the following are located or resident in China: (i) senior
management personnel and departments that are responsible for daily production, operation and
management; (ii) financial and personnel decision-making bodies; (iii) key properties, accounting
books, company seal, and minutes of board meetings and shareholders’ meetings; and (iv) half or more
of senior management or directors having voting rights. The State Administration of Taxation, or the
SAT, has subsequently provided further guidance on the implementation of Circular 82.

the Determination

Although BeiGene, Ltd. does not have a PRC enterprise or enterprise group as its primary
controlling shareholder and is therefore not a Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprise
within the meaning of Circular 82, in the absence of guidance specifically applicable to us, we have
applied the guidance set forth in Circular 82 to evaluate the tax residence status of BeiGene, Ltd. and
its subsidiaries organized outside of the PRC. We are not aware of any offshore holding company with
a corporate structure similar to ours that has been deemed a PRC “resident enterprise” by the PRC tax
authorities. Accordingly, we do not believe that our company or any of our overseas subsidiaries
should be treated as a PRC resident enterprise.

However, the tax resident status of an enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC tax
authorities and uncertainties remain with respect
the term “de facto
management body.” If the PRC tax authorities determine that our Cayman Islands holding company

to the interpretation of

— 95 —

