RISK FACTORS

may be subject to significant liability. The policies of the FDA, CDA, EMA and of other regulatory
authorities may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent,
limit or delay regulatory approval of our drug candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or
extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either
in the United States or abroad, particularly in China, where the regulatory environment is constantly
evolving. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new
requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any
regulatory approval that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability.

In addition, if we were able to obtain accelerated approval of any of our drug candidates, the
FDA would require us to conduct a confirmatory study to verify the predicted clinical benefit and may
also require post-marketing safety studies. Other comparable regulatory authorities outside the United
States, such as the CDA or EMA, may have similar requirements. The results from the confirmatory
study may not support the clinical benefit, which would result in the approval being withdrawn. While
operating under accelerated approval, we will be subject to certain restrictions that we would not be
subject to upon receiving regular approval.

If safety, efficacy or other issues arise with any medical product that is used in combination
with our drugs, we may be unable to market such drug or may experience significant regulatory
delays or supply shortages, and our business could be materially harmed.

We plan to develop certain of our drug candidates for use as a combination therapy. If the FDA,
CDA, EMA or another comparable regulatory agency revokes its approval of another therapeutic we
use in combination with our drug candidates, we will not be able to market our drug candidates in
combination with such revoked therapeutic. If safety or efficacy issues arise with these or other
therapeutics that we seek to combine with our drug candidates in the future, we may experience
significant regulatory delays, and we may be required to redesign or terminate the applicable clinical
trials. In addition, if manufacturing or other issues result in a supply shortage of any component of
our combination drug candidates, we may not be able to complete clinical development of our drug
candidates on our current timeline or at all.

Reimbursement may not be available for our drug candidates. Even if we are able to
commercialize our drugs and any approved drug candidates, the drugs may become subject to
unfavorable pricing regulations or third-party reimbursement practices, which could harm our
business.

The regulations that govern regulatory approvals, pricing and reimbursement for new therapeutic
products vary widely from country to country. Some countries require approval of the sale price of a
drug before it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing
or licensing approval
is granted. In some non-U.S. markets, prescription pharmaceutical pricing
remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval is granted. As a result,
we might obtain regulatory approval for a drug in a particular country, but then be subject to price
regulations that delay our commercial launch of the drug and negatively impact our revenues.

— 51 —

