RISK FACTORS

In patent

litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or
unenforceability are commonplace, and there are numerous grounds upon which a third party can
assert invalidity or unenforceability of a patent. Third parties may also raise similar claims before
administrative bodies in the United States or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such
mechanisms include ex parte re-examination, inter partes review, post-grant review, derivation and
equivalent proceedings in non-U.S. jurisdictions, such as opposition proceedings. Such proceedings
could result in revocation or amendment to our patents in such a way that they no longer cover and
protect our drug candidates. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability
is unpredictable. With respect to the validity of our patents, for example, we cannot be certain that
there is no invalidating prior art of which we, our patent counsel, and the patent examiner were
unaware during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or
unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on our drug
candidates. Such a loss of patent protection could have a material adverse impact on our business.

We may not be able to prevent misappropriation of our trade secrets or confidential information,
particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the United States.
Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual
property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by
disclosure during this type of litigation.

If we are sued for infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, such litigation could
be costly and time consuming and could prevent or delay us from developing or commercializing
our drug candidates.

Our commercial success depends in part on our avoiding infringement of the patents and other
intellectual property rights of third parties. We are aware of numerous issued patents and pending
patent applications belonging to third parties that exist in fields in which we are developing our drug
candidates. There may also be third-party patents or patent applications of which we are currently
unaware, and given the dynamic area in which we operate, additional patents are likely to issue that
relate to aspects of our business. There is a substantial amount of litigation and other claims and
proceedings involving patent and other
intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and
pharmaceutical industries generally. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and
more patents are issued,
the risk increases that our drug candidates may give rise to claims of
infringement of the patent rights of others.

Third parties may assert

that we are using technology in violation of their patent or other
proprietary rights. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, could involve substantial
litigation expense and divert our technical personnel, management personnel, or both from their
normal responsibilities. Even in the absence of litigation, we may seek to obtain licenses from third
parties to avoid the risks of litigation, and if a license is available, it could impose costly royalty and
other fees and expenses on us.

— 69 —

