RISK FACTORS

registered or plan to register the offer and sale of all securities that we have issued and may issue in
the future under our equity compensation plans, including upon the exercise of share options and
vesting of restricted share units. If these additional securities are sold, or if it is perceived that they
will be sold, in the public market, the trading price of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs could decline.

In addition, in the future, we may issue additional ordinary shares, ADSs or other equity or debt
securities convertible into ordinary shares or ADSs in connection with a financing, acquisition,
litigation settlement, employee arrangements or otherwise. Any such issuance could result
in
substantial dilution to our existing shareholders and could cause the ordinary share and/or ADS price
to decline.

Because we do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future, you must rely on price
appreciation of the ordinary shares and/or ADSs for return on your investment.

We intend to retain most, if not all, of our available funds and earnings to fund the development
and growth of our business. As a result, we do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. Therefore, you should not rely on an investment in the ordinary shares and/or ADSs as a source
for any future dividend income.

Our Board has significant discretion as to whether to distribute dividends. Even if our Board
decides to declare and pay dividends, the timing, amount and form of future dividends, if any, will
depend on, among other things, our future results of operations and cash flow, our capital requirements
and surplus, the amount of distributions, if any, received by us from our subsidiaries, our financial
condition, contractual and regulatory restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our Board.
Accordingly, the return on your investment in the ordinary shares and/or ADSs will likely depend
entirely upon any future price appreciation of the ordinary shares and/or ADSs. There is no guarantee
that the ordinary shares and/or ADSs will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which you
purchased the ordinary shares and/or ADSs. You may not realize a return on your investment in the
ordinary shares and/or ADSs and you may even lose your entire investment in the ordinary shares
and/or ADSs.

If securities or industry analysts do not continue to publish research or publish inaccurate or
unfavorable research about our business, the market price for the ordinary shares and/or ADSs
and trading volume could decline.

The trading market for the ordinary shares and/or ADSs relies in part on the research and reports
that equity research analysts publish about us or our business. We do not control these analysts. If
research analysts do not maintain adequate research coverage or if one or more of the analysts who
covers us downgrades our ordinary shares and/or ADSs or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable
research about our business,
the market price for the ordinary shares and/or ADSs would likely
decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on
us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which, in turn, could cause the market
price or trading volume for the ordinary shares and/or ADSs to decline significantly.

— 102 —

