INFORMATION ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS AND THE GLOBAL OFFERING

is legal to make that distribution. Subject to the Listing Rules and any other applicable legal
requirements, a distribution of securities other than Shares could possibly include equity
securities of a different class from the Shares, debt securities or equity or debt securities
of a third party. It is expected that such securities, if distributed to an ADS holder, would
not be in the form of Shares tradable on the Stock Exchange.

3.

investors can instruct

in turn instruct

Upon the withdrawal of Shares from the ADS program and following payment of all fees,
taxes and charges,
the
to deliver the Shares tradable in Hong Kong into a CCASS
Depositary’s Custodian,
participant stock account. If investors prefer to receive the Shares outside CCASS, they
must receive the Shares in CCASS first and arrange for withdrawal from CCASS. Investors
can then obtain a transfer form signed by HKSCC Nominees Limited (as the transferor) and
register the Shares in their own names with the Hong Kong Share Registrar.

the Depositary, who will

Note: Under normal circumstances, step(1) to (3) generally require two business days for Shares to be received inside
CCASS, or 14 business days, or more, as necessary for Shares received outside CCASS in physical form, to
complete.

Before the Depositary will issue or register a transfer of an ADS or make a distribution on an

ADS, or permit withdrawal of Shares, the Depositary may require:

1.

2.

production of satisfactory proof of the identity and genuineness of any signature or other
information it deems necessary; and

compliance with regulations it may establish, from time to time, consistent with the Deposit
Agreement, including presentation of transfer documents.

The Depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer, or register issuances, transfers and cancellations
of ADSs generally when the transfer books of the Depositary or our Hong Kong Share Registrar are
closed or at any time if the Depositary or we determine it advisable to do so.

All costs attributable to the transfer of Shares to effect a withdrawal from or deposit of Shares
into the ADS program shall be borne by the Shareholder requesting the transfer. In particular, holders
of Shares and ADSs should note that the Hong Kong Share Registrar will charge between HK$2.50 to
HK$20 (or such higher fee as may from time to time be permitted under the Listing Rules) for each
transfer of Shares from one registered owner to another, each Share certificate cancelled or issued by
it and any applicable fee as stated in the share transfer forms used in Hong Kong. In addition, holders
of Shares and ADSs must pay up to US$5.00 (or less) per 100 ADSs for each issuance of ADSs and
each cancellation of ADSs, as the case may be, in connection with the deposit of Shares into, or
withdrawal of Shares from, the ADS program.

— 138 —

