APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF THE CONSTITUTION OF THE
COMPANY AND CAYMAN COMPANIES LAW

Stamp Duty on Transfers

No stamp duty is payable in the Cayman Islands on transfers of shares of Cayman Islands

companies except those which hold interests in land in the Cayman Islands.

Cayman Islands Taxation

The Cayman Islands currently levies no taxes on individuals or corporations based upon profits,
income, gains or appreciation and there is no taxation in the nature of inheritance tax or estate duty
or withholding tax applicable to an exempted company or to any holder of shares. There are no other
taxes likely to be material to the Company levied by the Government of the Cayman Islands except
for stamp duties which may be applicable on instruments executed in, or after execution brought
within, the jurisdiction of the Cayman Islands.

No stamp duty is payable in the Cayman Islands on the issue of shares by, or any transfers of
shares of, Cayman Islands companies (except
those which hold interests in land in the Cayman
Islands). The Cayman Islands is not party to any double tax treaties that are applicable to any
payments made to or from a Cayman company. There are no exchange control regulations or currency
restrictions in the Cayman Islands. Payments of dividends and capital in respect of shares will not be
subject to taxation in the Cayman Islands and no withholding will be required on the payment of a
dividend or capital to any holder of shares, nor will gains derived from the disposal of shares be
subject to Cayman Islands income or corporation tax.

Pursuant to section 6 of the Tax Concessions Law (as amended) of the Cayman Islands, the
Company applied for and received an undertaking from the Governor in Cabinet that for twenty years
from 9 November 2010 that no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be
levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations shall apply to the Company or its operations; and in
addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature
of estate duty or inheritance tax shall be payable (i) on or in respect of the shares, debentures or other
obligations of the Company; or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of any relevant
payment as defined in section 6(3) of the Tax Concessions Law (as amended).

Exchange Control

There are no exchange control regulations or currency restrictions in the Cayman Islands.

General

Mourant Ozannes,

the Company’s legal advisors on Cayman Islands law, have sent

to the
Company a letter of advice summarizing aspects of Cayman Islands company law. This letter, together
with a copy of the Cayman Companies Law, is available for inspection as referred to in the section
headed “Documents available for Inspection” in Appendix V. Any person wishing to have a detailed
summary of Cayman Islands company law or advice on the differences between it and the laws of any
jurisdiction with which he/she is more familiar is recommended to seek independent legal advice.

— III-14 —

