REGULATIONS

To implement the regulatory reform introduced by the Innovation Opinion, the CDA is currently
revising the fundamental
laws, regulations and rules regulating pharmaceutical products and the
industry, which include the framework law known as the PRC Drug Administration Law (藥品管理法),
or DAL. The DAL is also generally implemented by a set of regulations issued by the State Council
referred to as the DAL Implementing Regulation (藥品管理法實施條例). The CDA has its own set of
regulations implementing the DAL; the primary one governing clinical trial applications, marketing
approval, and license renewal and amendment is known as the Drug Registration Regulation (藥品註
冊管理辦法). However, as of April 2018 the implementing regulations for many of the reforms in the
Innovation Opinion had not been announced, and therefore, the details in the implementation of the
regulatory changes remained uncertain in some respects.

Regulatory Authorities and Recent Government Reorganization

the key stages of

In the PRC, the CDA is the primary regulator for pharmaceutical products and businesses. It
regulates almost all of
including
nonclinical studies, clinical trials, marketing approvals, manufacturing, advertising and promotion,
distribution, and pharmacovigilance (i.e., post-marketing safety reporting obligations). The Center for
Drug Evaluation, or CDE, which is under the CDA, conducts the technical evaluation of each drug and
biologic application for safety and effectiveness.

the life-cycle of pharmaceutical products,

The National Health and Family Planning Commission, or NHFPC, formerly known as the
Ministry of Health, or MOH, is China’s chief healthcare regulator. It is primarily responsible for
overseeing the operation of medical institutions, which also serve as clinical trial sites, and regulating
the licensure of hospitals and other medical personnel. NHFPC plays a significant role in drug
reimbursement. Furthermore, the NHFPC and its local counterparts at or below the provincial-level of
local government also oversee and organize public medical
institutions’ centralized bidding and
procurement process for pharmaceutical products. This is the chief way that public hospitals and their
internal pharmacies acquire drugs.

China has recently reorganized the agencies that regulate drugs, healthcare, and the state health
is still not entirely clear what effect on policy these changes will
insurance plans, although it
ultimately have in terms of making the drug approval process more efficient. The drug regulatory
agency, CFDA, is merged into a State Administration on Market Regulation, or SAMR, along with
other agencies that regulate consumer protection, product quality and anti-monopoly. The drug, device
and cosmetic regulatory functions of CFDA is put under the CDA, which is subordinate to the SAMR.
The National Health Commission, or the NHC, will be the healthcare regulator replacing the NHFPC,
and a new, separate State Medical Insurance Bureau will focus on regulating reimbursement under the
state-sponsored insurance plans.

Pre-Clinical and Clinical Development

The CDA requires both pre-clinical and clinical data to support registration applications for
imported and domestic drugs. Pre-clinical work, including pharmacology and toxicology studies, must
meet the GLP, issued in July 2017. The CDA accredits GLP labs and requires that nonclinical studies
on chemical drug substances and preparations and biologics that are not yet marketed in China be
conducted there. There are no approvals required from the CDA to conduct pre-clinical studies.

— 178 —

