DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

in equal

her commencement of employment, Dr. Peterson was also granted 300,000 restricted shares, which
vest
installments annually over a four-year period. Dr. Peterson’s employment has no
specified term, but can be terminated at will by either party. Dr. Peterson’s employment may be
terminated by us without “cause” (as defined in her employment agreement), and if so she would
receive her base salary and health and dental insurance payments during a 12-month severance period
and other benefits including acceleration of the vesting schedule of her initial option grant by 24
months (or full acceleration of the vesting schedules of her initial and any subsequent option and
restricted share grants if such termination occurs within 12 months following a “change in control”
(as defined in her employment agreement)), unless Dr. Peterson breaches her confidentiality
obligations. Dr. Peterson may terminate her employment with “good reason” (as defined in her
employment agreement) upon 30 days’ written notice received within 60 days of the occurrence of the
event. If we do not cure the action identified in Dr. Peterson’s notice, she is entitled to the same
benefits as if we terminated her employment without cause, subject to her execution of a release of
claims and unless she breaches her confidentiality obligations. We may also terminate Dr. Peterson’s
employment for cause, in certain cases upon 30 days’ written notice, and Dr. Peterson may also
terminate her employment without good reason upon 90 days’ written notice, in either case, in which
she would then only be entitled to receive certain accrued obligations.

Dr. Jane Huang, M.D. and our Company entered into an employment agreement on August 19,
2016 for the position of Chief Medical Officer, Hematology. Dr. Huang currently receives a base
salary of US$425,000, which is subject to review and adjustment in accordance with our Company’s
policy. Dr. Huang’s current annual merit bonus target is 50% of her base salary, based on performance
as determined by our compensation committee. Dr. Huang was granted an initial option to purchase
up to 1,400,000 ordinary shares, which vests over four years. In connection with the commencement
of her employment, Dr. Huang was also granted 300,000 restricted shares, which vest
in equal
installments annually over a four-year period. Dr. Huang’s employment has no specified term, but can
be terminated at will by either party. Dr. Huang’s employment may be terminated by us without
“cause” (as defined in her employment agreement), and if so she would receive her base salary and
health and dental insurance payments during a 12-month severance period and other benefits including
acceleration of the vesting schedule of her initial option grant by 24 months (or full acceleration of
the vesting schedules of her initial and any subsequent option and restricted share grants if such
termination occurs within 12 months following a “change in control” (as defined in her employment
agreement)), unless Dr. Huang breaches her confidentiality obligations. Dr. Huang may terminate her
employment with “good reason” (as defined in her employment agreement) upon 30 days’ written
notice received within 60 days of the occurrence of the event. If we do not cure the action identified
in Dr. Huang’s notice, she is entitled to the same benefits as if we terminated her employment without
cause, subject to her execution of a release of claims and unless she breaches her confidentiality
obligations. We may also terminate Dr. Huang’s employment for cause, in certain cases upon 30 days’
written notice, and Dr. Huang may also terminate her employment without good reason upon 90 days’
written notice, in either case, in which she would then only be entitled to receive certain accrued
obligations.

— 330 —

