APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

During the Relevant Periods, the Group’s short-term investments were comprised primarily of
U.S.
treasury securities, U.S. agency securities and time deposits. The Group believes that U.S.
treasury securities, U.S. agency securities and time deposits are of high credit quality and continually
monitors the credit worthiness of these institutions.

Customer concentration risk

For the year ended December 31, 2016, substantially all of the Group’s revenue was generated
solely from one customer, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany. For the year ended December 31, 2017
and the three months ended March 31, 2018, substantially all of the Group’s revenue was generated
from Celgene and the product distributor in China.

Business, customer, political, social and economic risks

The Group participates in a dynamic biopharmaceuticals industry and believes that changes in
any of the following areas could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s future financial
position, results of operations or cash flows: changes in the overall demand for services and products;
competitive pressures due to new entrants; advances and new trends in new drugs and industry
standards; changes in clinical research organizations; changes in certain strategic relationships or
customer relationships; regulatory considerations;
intellectual property considerations; and risks
associated with the Group’s ability to attract and retain employees necessary to support its growth. The
Group’s operations could be also adversely affected by significant political, economic and social
uncertainties in the PRC.

Currency convertibility risk

A significant portion of the Group’s expenses, assets and liabilities are denominated in RMB. On
January 1, 1994, the PRC government abolished the dual rate system and introduced a single rate of
exchange as quoted daily by the People’s Bank of China (the “PBOC”). However, the unification of
the exchange rates does not imply that the RMB may be readily convertible into U.S. dollar or other
foreign currencies. All foreign exchange transactions continue to take place either through the PBOC
or other banks authorized to buy and sell foreign currencies at the exchange rates quoted by the PBOC.
Approvals of foreign currency payments by the PBOC or other institutions require submitting a
payment application form together with suppliers’ invoices, shipping documents and signed contracts.

Additionally, the value of the RMB is subject to changes in central government policies and
international economic and political developments affecting supply and demand in the PRC foreign
exchange trading system market.

Foreign currency exchange rate risk

From July 21, 2005, the RMB is permitted to fluctuate within a narrow and managed band against
there was depreciation of

a basket of certain foreign currencies. For RMB against U.S. dollar,

— I-31 —

