UNDERWRITING

ACTIVITIES BY SYNDICATE MEMBERS

The underwriters of the Hong Kong Public Offering and the International Placing (together, the
“Syndicate Members”) and their affiliates may each individually undertake a variety of activities (as
further described below) which do not form part of the underwriting or stabilizing process.

The Syndicate Members and their affiliates are diversified financial

institutions with
relationships in countries around the world. These entities engage in a wide range of commercial and
investment banking, brokerage, funds management, trading, hedging, investing and other activities for
their own account and for the account of others. In the ordinary course of their various business
activities, the Syndicate Members and their respective affiliates may purchase, sell or hold a broad
array of investments and actively trade securities, derivatives, loans, commodities, currencies, credit
default swaps and other financial instruments for their own account and for the accounts of their
customers. Such investment and trading activities may involve or relate to assets, securities and/or
instruments of the Company and/or persons and entities with relationships with the Company and may
also include swaps and other financial instruments entered into for hedging purposes in connection
with the Group’s loans and other debt.

In relation to the Shares, the activities of the Syndicate Members and their affiliates could
include acting as agent for buyers and sellers of the Shares, entering into transactions with those
buyers and sellers in a principal capacity, including as a lender to initial purchasers of the Shares
(which financing may be secured by the Shares) in the Global Offering, proprietary trading in the
Shares, and entering into over the counter or listed derivative transactions or listed or unlisted
securities transactions (including issuing securities such as derivative warrants listed on a stock
exchange) which have as their underlying assets, assets including the Shares. Such transactions may
be carried out as bilateral agreements or trades with selected counterparties. Those activities may
require hedging activity by those entities involving, directly or indirectly, the buying and selling of
the Shares, which may have a negative impact on the trading price of the Shares. All such activities
could occur in Hong Kong and elsewhere in the world and may result in the Syndicate Members and
their affiliates holding long and/or short positions in the Shares, in baskets of securities or indices
including the Shares, in units of funds that may purchase the Shares, or in derivatives related to any
of the foregoing.

In relation to issues by Syndicate Members or their affiliates of any listed securities having the
Shares as their underlying securities, whether on the Stock Exchange or on any other stock exchange,
the rules of the stock exchange may require the issuer of those securities (or one of its affiliates or
agents) to act as a market maker or liquidity provider in the security, and this will also result in
hedging activity in the Shares in most cases.

All such activities may occur both during and after the end of the stabilizing period described
in the section headed “Structure of the Global Offering” in this prospectus. Such activities may affect
the market price or value of the Shares, the liquidity or trading volume in the Shares and the volatility
of the price of the Shares, and the extent to which this occurs from day to day cannot be estimated.

— 350 —

