RISK FACTORS

There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws, rules and
regulations.

A large portion of our operations are conducted in the PRC through our PRC subsidiaries, and
are governed by PRC laws, rules and regulations. Our PRC subsidiaries are subject to laws, rules and
regulations applicable to foreign investment in China. The PRC legal system is a civil law system
based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions may be cited for
reference but have limited precedential value.

In 1979, the PRC government began to promulgate a comprehensive system of laws, rules and
regulations governing economic matters in general. The overall effect of legislation over the past four
decades has significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investment in
China. However, China has not developed a fully integrated legal system, and recently enacted laws,
rules and regulations may not sufficiently cover all aspects of economic activities in China or may be
subject to significant degrees of interpretation by PRC regulatory agencies. In particular, because
these laws, rules and regulations are relatively new and often give the relevant regulator significant
discretion in how to enforce them, and because of the limited number of published decisions and the
nonbinding nature of such decisions, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws, rules and
regulations involve uncertainties and can be inconsistent and unpredictable. In addition, the PRC legal
system is based in part on government policies and internal rules, some of which are not published on
a timely basis or at all, and which may have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of
our violation of these policies and rules until after the occurrence of the violation.

A draft of

the proposed Foreign Investment Law (《外國投資法(徵求意見稿)》)

is being
considered and there are substantial uncertainties with respect to the enactment timetable and the final
content of the Foreign Investment Law. If enacted as proposed, the Foreign Investment Law may
materially impact our current corporate governance practices and business operations in many aspects
and may increase our compliance costs. For instance, the proposed Foreign Investment Law would
impose stringent ad hoc and periodic information reporting requirements on foreign investors and the
applicable
circumstances,
non-compliance with the information reporting obligations, concealment of information or providing
misleading or false information could result in monetary fines or criminal charges.

foreign invested entities. Depending on the

seriousness of

the

Additionally, the CDA’s recent reform of the drug and approval system may face implementation
impact of such reforms is uncertain and could prevent us from

challenges. The timing and full
commercializing our drug candidates in a timely manner.

In addition, any administrative and court proceedings in the PRC may be protracted, resulting in
substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. Since PRC administrative and
court authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual
terms, it may be more difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and
the level of legal protection we enjoy than in more developed legal systems. These uncertainties may
impede our ability to enforce the contracts we have entered into and could materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

— 92 —

