BUSINESS

Summary of Clinical Results

As of July 5, 2018, we have enrolled over an aggregate of 1,500 patients in clinical trials of
tislelizumab, including combination trials. Preliminary data from our monotherapy Phase 1 trials
suggested that tislelizumab was generally well-tolerated and exhibited anti-tumor activity in a variety
of tumor types. There is no guarantee that these results will be reproduced in pivotal trials.

A multi-center, open-label Phase 1 trial of tislelizumab as monotherapy in advanced solid tumors
is being conducted in Australia, New Zealand, the United States, Taiwan and South Korea and consists
of dose
and indication expansion in
disease-specific cohorts. On November 11, 2016, we presented updated data from the dose escalation
phase of our Phase 1 trial for a total of 103 patients with advanced solid tumors at the Society for
Immunotherapy of Cancer, or SITC, 31st Annual Meeting.

schedule-expansion,

escalation,

fixed-dose

expansion,

A mixed patient population of 27 different tumor types was included in this data analyses, in
which patients with melanoma, NSCLC or HNSCC were not enrolled, and patients with renal cell
cancer and urothelial carcinoma together represented close to 15% of the enrolled patients. Among 99
patients evaluable for efficacy as of September 30, 2016, anti-tumor activities were observed in 15
patients with a PR and 23 patients with SD. The PRs include three PRs in nine renal cell carcinoma
patients; three in six urothelial cancer patients; two in four gastric cancer patients; two in two Merkel
cell carcinoma patients; one in four nasopharyngeal patients; one in one penis squamous cell
carcinoma patient; one in one duodenal carcinoma patient; two in two MSI-high patients, one with
colorectal cancer among a total of 13 colorectal cancer patients, and one with pancreatic cancer among
a total of two pancreatic cancer patients. At the time of the data cutoff for the safety analysis, the most
common treatment-related AEs (≥5%) were fatigue (19%), diarrhea (13%), rash (11%), pruritus (11%),
nausea (8%), hypothyroidism (7%), and infusion related reactions (6%). Treatment-related SAEs
included four cases of colitis, two cases of hypotension, and one case each of diarrhea, diabetes
mellitus, diabetic ketoacidosis, dyspnea, hypoxia, infusion-related reaction, and pneumonitis. Among
these, grade 3 or above treatment-related SAEs included the two cases of hypotension and one case
each of colitis, diabetes mellitus, diabetic ketoacidosis, dyspnea, hypoxia, and pneumonitis. Other
treatment-related grade 3 or above AEs included two cases each of fatigue and hyperglycemia, and one
case each of back pain, elevated alanine aminotransferase, or ALT, and elevated gamma-glutamyl
transferase, or GGT.

From 2017 to date, we have presented preliminary data from multiple disease-specific subgroups
in the ongoing Phase 1 trial of tislelizumab in advanced solid tumors, including patients with HCC,
GC, esophageal cancer, or EC, HNSCC, OC and UC.

Hepatocellular (Liver) Cancer

The data presented on HCC are from 40 patients treated with tislelizumab at a dose of 5 mg/kg
every three weeks, or Q3W. The majority of the enrolled patients (34/40 patients) had a hepatitis B
virus infection. At the time of the data cutoff on April 28, 2017, the median treatment duration was
64 days (range of 1 to 471 days).

— 222 —

