RISK FACTORS

We currently hold issued trademark registrations and have trademark applications pending, any
of which may be the subject of a governmental or third-party objection, which could prevent the
maintenance or issuance of the same. If we are unsuccessful in obtaining trademark protection for our
primary brands, we may be required to change our brand names, which could materially adversely
affect our business. Moreover, as our products mature, our reliance on our trademarks to differentiate
us from our competitors will increase, and as a result, if we are unable to prevent third parties from
adopting, registering or using trademarks and trade dress that infringe, dilute or otherwise violate our
trademark rights, our business could be materially adversely affected.

Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual
property rights in certain jurisdictions, including China. The legal systems of some countries do not
favor the enforcement of patents,
trade secrets and other intellectual property, particularly those
relating to biopharmaceutical products, which could make it difficult in those jurisdictions for us to
stop the infringement or misappropriation of our patents or other intellectual property rights, or the
marketing of competing drugs in violation of our proprietary rights.

We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded,
if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual
property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from
the intellectual property that we develop.

We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our intellectual property, which could
be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. Our patent rights relating to our drug
candidates could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court or before the USPTO
or comparable non-U.S. authority.

Competitors may infringe our patent

rights or misappropriate or otherwise violate our
intellectual property rights. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, litigation may be necessary
in the future to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to
determine the validity and scope of our own intellectual property rights or the proprietary rights of
others. This can be expensive and time consuming. Any claims that we assert against perceived
infringers could also provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe
their intellectual property rights. Many of our current and potential competitors have the ability to
dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce and/or defend their intellectual property rights than
we can. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing
upon or misappropriating our intellectual property. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding
could put our patent, as well as any patents that may issue in the future from our pending patent
applications, at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable or interpreted narrowly. Furthermore,
because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property
litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure
during this type of litigation.

— 68 —

