RISK FACTORS

those of our vendors occurs,

the market perception of

We could be subject

to risks caused by misappropriation, misuse,

leakage, falsification or
intentional or accidental release or loss of information maintained in the information systems and
networks of our company and our vendors, including personal information of our employees and
patients, and company and vendor confidential data. In addition, outside parties may attempt
to
penetrate our systems or those of our vendors or fraudulently induce our personnel or the personnel
of our vendors to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data and/or systems.
Like other companies, we have on occasion experienced, and will continue to experience, threats to
our data and systems, including malicious codes and viruses, phishing, and other cyber-attacks. The
number and complexity of these threats continue to increase over time. If a material breach of our
information technology systems or
the
effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and our reputation and credibility could be
damaged. We could be required to expend significant amounts of money and other resources to repair
or replace information systems or networks. In addition, we could be subject to regulatory actions
and/or claims made by individuals and groups in private litigation involving privacy issues related to
data collection and use practices and other data privacy laws and regulations, including claims for
misuse or inappropriate disclosure of data, as well as unfair or deceptive practices. Although we
develop and maintain systems and controls designed to prevent these events from occurring, and we
have a process to identify and mitigate threats, the development and maintenance of these systems,
controls and processes is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change
and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly sophisticated. Moreover, despite our
efforts, the possibility of these events occurring cannot be eliminated entirely. As we outsource more
of our information systems to vendors, engage in more electronic transactions with payors and
patients, and rely more on cloud-based information systems, the related security risks will increase
and we will need to expend additional resources to protect our technology and information systems.

If we or parties on whom we rely fail to maintain the necessary licenses for the development,
production, sales and distribution of our products, our ability to conduct our business could be
materially impaired.

to regular inspections, examinations,

We are required to obtain, maintain and renew various permits,

licenses and certificates to
third party
develop, produce, promote and sell our products. Third parties, such as distributors,
promoters and third-party manufacturers, on whom we may rely to develop, produce, promote, sell and
distribute our products may be subject to similar requirements. We and third parties on whom we rely
may be also subject
inquiries or audits by the regulatory
authorities, and an adverse outcome of such inspections, examinations, inquiries or audits may result
in the loss or non-renewal of the relevant permits, licenses and certificates. Moreover, the criteria used
in reviewing applications for, or renewals of permits, licenses and certificates may change from time
to time, and there can be no assurance that we or the parties on whom we rely will be able to meet
new criteria that may be imposed to obtain or renew the necessary permits, licenses and certificates.
Many of such permits, licenses and certificates are material to the operation of our business, and if
we or parties on whom we rely fail to maintain or renew material permits, licenses and certificates,
our ability to conduct our business could be materially impaired. Furthermore, if the interpretation or
implementation of existing laws and regulations change, or new regulations come into effect, requiring
us or parties on whom we rely to obtain any additional permits, licenses or certificates that were
previously not required to operate our business, there can be no assurance that we or parties on whom
we rely will successfully obtain such permits, licenses or certificates.

— 87 —

