RISK FACTORS

publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and
patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18
months after filing, or in some cases, not at all. Therefore, we cannot be certain that we were the first
to make the inventions claimed in our patents or pending patent applications or that we were the first
to file for patent protection of such inventions. Furthermore, the PRC and, recently, the United States
have adopted the “first-to-file” system under which whoever first files a patent application will be
awarded the patent if all other patentability requirements are met. Under the first-to-file system, third
parties may be granted a patent relating to a technology which we invented.

In addition, under PRC patent law, any organization or individual that applies for a patent in a
foreign country for an invention or utility model accomplished in China is required to report to the
State Intellectual Property Office, or SIPO,
if an
application is later filed in China, the patent right will not be granted.

for confidentiality examination. Otherwise,

The coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the patent is
issued, and its scope can be reinterpreted after issuance. Even if patent applications we license or own
currently or in the future issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any
meaningful protection, prevent competitors or other third parties from competing with us, or otherwise
provide us with any competitive advantage. In addition, the patent position of biotechnology and
pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions,
and has been the subject of much litigation in recent years. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity,
enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain.

The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability,
and our patents may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States, PRC and other
countries. We may be subject to a third-party preissuance submission of prior art to the United States
Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, or become involved in opposition, derivation, revocation,
re-examination, post-grant and inter partes review, or interference proceedings or similar proceedings
in foreign jurisdictions challenging our patent rights or the patent rights of others. An adverse
determination in any such submission, proceeding or
litigation could reduce the scope of, or
invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our technology or drug candidates
and compete directly with us without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or
commercialize drug candidates without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating third-party
patent rights. Moreover, we may have to participate in interference proceedings declared by the
USPTO to determine priority of invention or in post-grant challenge proceedings, such as oppositions
in a foreign patent office, that challenge the priority of our invention or other features of patentability
of our patents and patent applications. Such challenges may result in loss of patent rights, loss of
exclusivity, or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated, or held unenforceable, which could limit
our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products,
or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology and drug candidates. Such proceedings
also may result in substantial costs and require significant time from our scientists and management,
even if the eventual outcome is favorable to us. Consequently, we do not know whether any of our
technology or drug candidates will be protectable or remain protected by valid and enforceable
patents. Our competitors or other third parties may be able to circumvent our patents by developing
similar or alternative technologies or products in a non-infringing manner.

— 66 —

