RISK FACTORS

claim for which we have no coverage. We may have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or
negotiated in a settlement
that exceed our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our
insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such amounts. Even if
our agreements with any future collaborators entitle us to indemnification against
losses, such
indemnification may not be available or adequate should any claim arise.

We are subject to the risks of doing business globally.

Because we operate in China and other countries outside of the United States, our business is
to risks associated with doing business globally. Accordingly, our business and financial
subject
results in the future could be adversely affected due to a variety of factors, including: changes in a
specific country’s or region’s political and cultural climate or economic condition; unexpected
changes in laws and regulatory requirements in local jurisdictions; difficulty of effective enforcement
of contractual provisions in local jurisdictions; inadequate intellectual property protection in certain
countries; enforcement of anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, such as the FCPA; trade-protection
measures,
licensing requirements such as Export Administration Regulations
promulgated by the United States Department of Commerce and fines, penalties or suspension or
revocation of export privileges; the effects of applicable local tax regimes and potentially adverse tax
consequences; and significant adverse changes in local currency exchange rates.

import or export

We manufacture and intend to continue to manufacture ourselves at least a portion of our drug
candidates and our drugs, if approved. Delays in completing and receiving regulatory approvals
for our manufacturing facilities, or damage to, destruction of or interruption of production at
such facilities, could delay our development plans or commercialization efforts.

We currently have manufacturing facilities in Beijing and Suzhou, China and are building a
biologics manufacturing facility in Guangzhou, China. These facilities may encounter unanticipated
delays and expenses due to a number of factors, including regulatory requirements. If construction,
regulatory evaluation and/or approval of our new facility is delayed, we may not be able to
manufacture sufficient quantities of our drug candidates and our drugs, if approved, which would limit
our development and commercialization activities and our opportunities for growth. Cost overruns
associated with constructing or maintaining our facilities could require us to raise additional funds
from other sources.

In addition to the similar manufacturing risks described in “—Risks Related to Our Reliance on
Third Parties,” our manufacturing facilities will be subject to ongoing, periodic inspection by the
FDA, CDA, EMA or other comparable regulatory agencies to ensure compliance with cGMP. Our
failure to follow and document our adherence to such cGMP regulations or other
regulatory
requirements may lead to significant delays in the availability of products for clinical or, in the future,
commercial use, may result in the termination of or a hold on a clinical trial, or may delay or prevent
filing or approval of marketing applications for our drug candidates or the commercialization of our
drugs, if approved. We also may encounter problems with the following:

•

achieving adequate or clinical-grade materials that meet FDA, CDA, EMA or other
comparable regulatory agency standards or specifications with consistent and acceptable
production yield and costs;

— 89 —

