RISK FACTORS

There are uncertainties as to the application of Bulletin 7. Bulletin 7 may be determined by the
tax authorities to be applicable to sale of the shares of our offshore subsidiaries or investments where
PRC taxable assets are involved. The transferors and transferees may be subject to the tax filing and
withholding or tax payment obligation, while our PRC subsidiaries may be requested to assist in the
filing. Furthermore, we, our non-resident enterprises and PRC subsidiaries may be required to spend
valuable resources to comply with Bulletin 7 or to establish that we and our non-resident enterprises
should not be taxed under Bulletin 7, for our previous and future restructuring or disposal of shares
of our offshore subsidiaries, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of operations.

The PRC tax authorities have the discretion under Bulletin 7 to make adjustments to the taxable
capital gains based on the difference between the fair value of the taxable assets transferred and the
cost of investment. If the PRC tax authorities make adjustments to the taxable income of the
transactions under Announcement 37 or Bulletin 7, our income tax costs associated with such potential
acquisitions or disposals will increase, which may have an adverse effect on our financial condition
and results of operations.

Restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize our revenue effectively.

investment and loans,

The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of RMB into foreign currencies and,
in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of the PRC. A portion of our revenue is denominated
in RMB. Shortages in availability of foreign currency may then restrict
the ability of our PRC
subsidiaries to remit sufficient foreign currency to our offshore entities for our offshore entities to pay
dividends or make other payments or otherwise to satisfy our
foreign currency denominated
obligations. The RMB is currently convertible under the “current account,” which includes dividends,
trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions, but not under the “capital account,” which
includes foreign direct
including loans we may secure from our onshore
subsidiaries. Currently, our PRC subsidiaries may purchase foreign currency for settlement of “current
account
the approval of SAFE by
complying with certain procedural requirements. However, the relevant PRC governmental authorities
may limit or eliminate our ability to purchase foreign currencies in the future for current account
transactions. Since a portion of our revenue is denominated in RMB, any existing and future
restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize revenue generated in RMB to fund
our business activities outside of the PRC or pay dividends in foreign currencies to holders of our
ordinary shares and the ADSs. Foreign exchange transactions under the capital account remain subject
to limitations and require approvals from, or registration with, SAFE and other relevant PRC
governmental authorities or designated banks. This could affect our ability to obtain foreign currency
through debt or equity financing for our subsidiaries.

transactions,” including payment of dividends to us, without

Our business benefits from certain financial incentives and discretionary policies granted by
local governments. Expiration of, or changes to, these incentives or policies would have an
adverse effect on our results of operations.

In the past, local governments in the PRC granted certain financial incentives from time to time
to our PRC subsidiaries as part of their efforts to encourage the development of local businesses. The
timing, amount and criteria of government financial
incentives are determined within the sole

— 97 —

