APPENDIX I

Inventories

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value, with cost determined on a
weighted average basis. The Group periodically analyzes its inventory levels, and writes down any
inventory that has become obsolete, inventory that has a cost basis in excess of its estimated realizable
value and inventory in excess of expected sales requirements as cost of product sales. The
determination of whether inventory costs will be realizable requires estimates by management. If
actual market conditions are less favorable than projected by management, additional write-downs of
inventories may be required, which would be recorded in the consolidated statements of operations.
There have been no write-downs or reserves against inventories to date.

Short-term investments

Short-term debt investments held to maturity are carried at amortized cost when the Group has
the ability and positive intent to hold these securities until maturity. When the Group does not have
the ability or positive intent to hold short-term debt investments until maturity, these securities are
classified as available-for-sale. None of the Group’s fixed maturity securities met the criteria for
held-to-maturity classification at December 31, 2016 and 2017 and March 31, 2018.

Available-for-sale securities are stated at fair value, with the unrealized gains and losses, net of
tax, reported in other comprehensive income/loss. The net carrying value of debt securities classified
as available-for-sale is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity.
Such amortization is computed using the effective interest method and included in interest income.
Interest and dividends are included in interest income.

When the fair value of a debt security classified as available-for-sale is less than its amortized
cost, the Group assesses whether or not: (i) it has the intent to sell the security or (ii) it is more likely
than not that the Group will be required to sell the security before its anticipated recovery. If either
of these conditions is met, the Group must recognize an other-than-temporary impairment through
earnings for the difference between the debt security’s amortized cost basis and its fair value. No
impairment losses were recorded for any periods presented.

The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method.

— I-18 —

