REGULATIONS

•

•

•

•

a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of an NDA or BLA to file the
application for review;

satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at
which the product, or components thereof, are produced to assess compliance with cGMP;

FDA audits of some clinical trial sites to ensure compliance with GCPs; and

FDA review and approval of the NDA or licensing of the BLA.

toxicity,

tests include laboratory evaluations of product chemistry,

Once a product candidate is identified for development, it enters the preclinical testing stage.
formulation and
Preclinical
stability, as well as animal studies. An IND sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests,
together with manufacturing information, analytical data and any available clinical data or literature,
to the FDA as part of the IND. The sponsor must also include a protocol detailing, among other things,
the objectives of the initial clinical trial, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria,
the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated if the
initial clinical trial lends itself to an efficacy evaluation. Some preclinical testing may continue even
after the IND is submitted. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA,
unless the FDA raises concerns or questions related to the proposed clinical trial and places the trial
on a clinical hold within that 30-day time period. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must
resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical
trial can begin. Clinical holds also may be
imposed by the FDA at any time before or during clinical
trials due to safety concerns or
noncompliance, and may be imposed on all products within a certain class of products. The FDA also
can impose partial clinical holds, for example, prohibiting the initiation of clinical trials of a certain
duration or for a certain dose.

All clinical trials must be conducted under the supervision of one or more qualified investigators
that all research
in accordance with GCP regulations. These regulations include the requirement
subjects provide informed consent in writing before their participation in any clinical trial. Further,
an IRB, must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial before it commences at any institution,
and the IRB must conduct continuing review and reapprove the study at least annually. An IRB
considers, among other things, whether the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trial are
minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the
information regarding the clinical trial and the consent form that must be provided to each clinical trial
subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical trial until completed.

Each new clinical protocol and any amendments to the protocol must be filed with the FDA as

an IND amendment, and submitted to the IRBs for approval.

— 167 —

