APPENDIX I

Modification of awards

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

A change in any of the terms or conditions of the awards is accounted for as a modification of
the award. Incremental compensation cost is measured as the excess, if any, of the fair value of the
modified award over the fair value of the original award immediately before its terms are modified,
measured based on the fair value of the awards and other pertinent factors at the modification date.
For vested awards, the Group recognizes incremental compensation cost in the period the modification
occurs. For unvested awards, the Group recognizes over the remaining requisite service period, the
sum of the incremental compensation cost and the remaining unrecognized compensation cost for the
original award on the modification date. If the fair value of the modified award is lower than the fair
value of the original award immediately before modification, the minimum compensation cost the
Group recognizes is the cost of the original award.

Income taxes

The Group uses the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred
tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and
the tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates that will be in effect
when the differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely
than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.

In accordance with Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2015-17, all deferred income tax

assets and liabilities are classified as non-current on the consolidated balance sheets.

The Group evaluates its uncertain tax positions using the provisions of ASC 740, Income Taxes,
which prescribes a recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being
recognized in the financial statements. The Group recognizes in the financial statements the benefit
of a tax position which is “more likely than not” to be sustained under examination based solely on
the technical merits of
relevant
the recognition threshold are measured using a cumulative
information. Tax positions that meet
probability approach, at
that has a greater than fifty percent
likelihood of being realized upon settlement. It
is the Group’s policy to recognize interest and
penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if any, as a component of income tax expense.

the position assuming a review by tax authorities having all

the largest amount of tax benefit

In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity
Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory, which requires the recognition of
the income tax
consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset, other than inventory, when the transfer occurs.
The Group early adopted ASU 2016-16 in preparing the Historical Financial Information. ASU No.
2016-16 is effective for annual periods and interim periods within annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2017 for public business entities.

Loss per share

Loss per share is calculated in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings per Share. Basic loss per
ordinary share is computed by dividing net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted
average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period using the two-class method. Under

— I-29 —

