BUSINESS

In assessing a proposal to invest in wealth management products, a number of criteria must be

met, including but not limited to:

•

•

•

•

investments in high risk products being prohibited;

the primary objectives of investment activities are safety, liquidity and reasonable yield;

the proposed investment must not
expenditures; and

interfere with our business operation or capital

the wealth management products should be issued by a reputable bank.

We believe that our internal policies regarding investment in wealth management products and
the related risk management mechanism are adequate. We may make investments in wealth
management products that meet the above criteria, after consultation and approval by our Board, as
part of our treasury management where we believe it is prudent to do so after the Listing.

Audit Committee Experience and Qualification and Board Oversight

We have established an audit committee to review the adequacy of our internal control over
financial reporting to ensure that our internal control system is effective in identifying, managing and
mitigating risks involved in our business operations. The audit committee consists of three members,
namely Thomas Malley, Qingqing Yi and Timothy Chen. Each of our audit committee members is an
independent non-executive director. Thomas Malley is the chairman of the audit committee. For the
professional qualifications and experiences of the members of our audit committee, see “Directors and
Senior Management” in this prospectus. We also maintain an internal audit department which is
responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of internal control and reporting to the audit committee on
any issues identified.

Ongoing Measures to Monitor the Implementation of Risk Management Policies

Our audit committee,

together monitor

the
implementation of our risk management policies on an ongoing basis to ensure our policies and
implementation are effective and sufficient.

internal audit department and management

Licenses and Permits

As of the Latest Practicable Date, we believe that we have obtained all requisite licenses,

approvals and permits from relevant authorities that are material to our operations.

The following table sets out a list of material licenses and permits currently held by us:

No.

1.

Entity

Name of the License

Expiry Date

BeiGene (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.

Drug Production License

2020/12/31

— 258 —

