APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

approximately 6.3%, appreciation of approximately 6.5% and appreciation of approximately 3.6%, in
the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017 and the three months ended March 31, 2018 respectively.
It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC or U.S. government policy may impact the exchange
rate between the RMB and the U.S. dollar in the future.

To the extent that the Group needs to convert U.S. dollar into RMB for capital expenditures and
working capital and other business purposes, appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar would
have an adverse effect on the RMB amount the Group would receive from the conversion. Conversely,
if the Group decides to convert RMB into U.S. dollar for the purpose of making payments for
dividends on ordinary shares, strategic acquisitions or investments or other business purposes,
appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the RMB would have a negative effect on the U.S. dollar
amount available to the Group. In addition, a significant depreciation of the RMB against the U.S.
dollar may significantly reduce the U.S. dollar equivalent of the Group’s earnings or losses.

Recent accounting pronouncements

For

the purpose of

this report,

the Group has early adopted the following accounting

pronouncements in preparing the Historical Financial Information:

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting. Key provisions of the new standard include requiring excess tax benefits and
shortfalls to be recorded as income tax benefit or expense in the income statement, rather than in
equity, and permitting an election to record the impact of pre-vesting forfeitures as they occur. The
Group assessed and determined that the impact from early adoption was not material. Furthermore, the
Group did not change its method for estimating and applying forfeiture rates for its share-based
awards. For public business entities, the amendments in this update are effective for annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods, and early
adoption is permitted. The Group early adopted the updated guidance.

In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-01, Business Combinations: Clarifying the
Definition of a Business. The new standard requires an entity to evaluate if substantially all the fair
value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar
identifiable assets. If so, the asset would not be considered a business. The new standard also requires
a business to include at least one substantive process and narrows the definition of outputs. The new
standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning on January 1, 2018, and may be adopted
earlier. The Group early adopted the updated guidance. The standard is applied prospectively to any
transaction occurring on or after the adoption date. The Group evaluated the acquisition of 100% of
the equity interests of Celgene Pharmaceutical (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“Celgene Shanghai”) under the
new guidance, and determined that the transaction represents a business combination, as disclosed
further in note II.4.

In January 2017,

the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04, Intangibles — Goodwill and Other:
Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. This ASU simplifies the test for goodwill impairment
by removing Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. Companies will now perform the goodwill
impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, recognizing
an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit’s fair

— I-32 —

