APPENDIX I

(ii)

Preferred Shares

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Under US GAAP, the Preferred Shares issued by the Company are classified as mezzanine equity as these convertible
preferred shares are redeemable upon the occurrence of a conditional event (i.e., Liquidation Transaction). The holders
of the Preferred Shares have a liquidation preference upon the occurrence of the conditional event. As explained in note
II.30, the conversion options and contingent redemption options of the convertible preferred shares do not qualify for
bifurcation accounting. No beneficial conversion features are recognized for the convertible preferred shares as the fair
values per ordinary share at the respective commitment dates were less than the most favorable conversion prices. The
Company concluded that the Preferred Shares are not redeemable currently, and is not probable that the Preferred Shares
will become redeemable because the likelihood of the Liquidation Transaction is remote. Therefore, no adjustment will
be made to the initial carrying amount of the Preferred Shares until it is probable that they will become redeemable.

Under IFRSs, certain redemption triggering events of the Preferred Shares are outside the control of the ordinary
shareholders of the Company. In addition, the holders of the Preferred Shares are entitled to convert the Preferred Shares
into a variable number of the Company’s ordinary shares upon occurrence of certain anti-dilution events. Accordingly,
the Preferred Shares are regarded as a hybrid instruments consisting of a host debt instrument and a conversion option
as a derivative. The Company designated the entire Preferred Shares as financial liabilities at fair value through profit
or loss such that the preferred Shares are initially recognized at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, the amount
of change in the fair value of the Preferred Shares that is attributed to changes in credit risk of the Preferred Shares are
presented in other comprehensive income and the remaining amount of change in the fair value of the Preferred Shares
are presented in the income statements in the year in which they arose. The Group considered that amount of change in
the fair value of the Preferred Shares that is attributed to changes in credit risk of the Preferred Shares are not significant
for the periods prior to the conversion into the Company’s ordinary shares in February 2016. Hence all the fair value
changes in the Preferred Shares of US$307,894,000 prior to the conversion was recognized in the income statement under
IFRSs, which included an amount of changes in fair value of Preferred Shares of US$114,142,000 and US$193,752,000
attributed to the year ended December 31, 2016 and the periods prior to January 1, 2016 respectively.

(iii)

Tax benefit/deficiency on share based compensation

Under US GAAP, deferred taxes are calculated based on the cumulative share based compensation expense recognized
in the Historical Financial Information, and ASC 2016-09 required all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies to be
recorded as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement, rather than in shareholders’ equity.

Under IFRSs, deferred taxes are calculated based on the estimated tax deduction determined at each reporting date. If
the tax deduction exceeds cumulative compensation cost for an individual award, deferred tax based on the excess is
credited to shareholders’ equity. If the tax deduction is less than or equal to cumulative compensation cost for an
individual award, deferred taxes are recorded in income statement.

Hence difference of US$8,617,000 (December 31, 2016: nil) arose between the amount of deferred tax asset recognised
under US GAAP and IFRSs as at December 31, 2017. Such difference is recognised in equity under IFRSs. The difference
in the amount of deferred tax asset recognized as at March 31, 2018 under US GAAP and IFRSs remain unchanged from
US$ 8,617,000 as of December 31, 2017. This is because no additional deferred tax asset can be recognized during the
three months ended March 31, 2018 under IFRS, which is after taking into account the extent of future available taxable
profit against which the estimated additional
tax deduction can be utilized. In addition, excess tax deduction of
US$2,066,000 (year ended December 31, 2016: nil) is recognized in equity under IFRSs, rather than income statement
under US GAAP, for the year ended December 31, 2017. Similarly, the excess tax deduction of US$3,538,000 during the

three months ended March 31, 2018 (three months ended March 31, 2017: nil) is credited to equity under IFRSs.

40. SUBSEQUENT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

No audited financial statements have been prepared by the Group or any subsidiaries in respect

of any period subsequent to March 31, 2018.

— I-96 —

