BUSINESS

The term of the PRC BRAF Agreement continues unless terminated as permitted by either party.
Under the PRC BRAF Agreement, Merck KGaA has the right to terminate due to our uncured breach
or voluntarily upon prior written notice. We have the right to terminate the PRC BRAF Agreement due
to Merck KGaA’s uncured breach or for any challenge brought against our licensed patent rights.

Intellectual Property

The proprietary nature of, and protection for, our drug candidates and their methods of use are
an important part of our strategy to develop and commercialize novel medicines, as described in more
detail below. We have obtained patents and filed patent applications in the United States and other
countries, such as China, relating to certain of our drug candidates, and are pursuing additional patent
protection for them and for other of our drug candidates and technologies. We rely on trade secrets
to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for,
patent protection including our manufacturing processes. We also rely on know-how, continuing
technological
innovation and in-licensing opportunities to develop, strengthen and support our
development programs.

As of July 18, 2018, we owned 17 issued U.S. patents, seven issued China patents, nine pending
U.S. patent applications, 11 pending China patent applications, and corresponding patents and patent
applications internationally. In addition, we owned 12 pending international patent applications under
the Patent Cooperation Treaty, or PCT, which we plan to file nationally in the United States and other
jurisdictions, as well as additional priority PCT applications. With respect to any issued patents in the
United States and Europe, we may be entitled to obtain a patent term extension to extend the patent
expiration date provided we meet
term
extensions. For example, in the United States, we can apply for a patent term extension of up to five
years for one of the patents covering a product once the product is approved by the FDA. The exact

the applicable requirements for obtaining such patent

— 241 —

