BUSINESS

expiration date. In addition, in certain instances, a patent term can be extended to recapture a portion
of the term effectively lost as a result of the FDA regulatory review period. However, the restoration
period cannot be longer than five years and the total patent term including the restoration period must
not exceed 14 years following FDA approval.

In certain foreign jurisdictions similar extensions as compensation for regulatory delays are also
available. The actual protection afforded by a patent varies on a claim by claim and country by country
basis and depends upon many factors, including the type of patent, the scope of its coverage, the
availability of any patent term extensions or adjustments, the availability of legal remedies in a
particular country and the validity and enforceability of the patent.

We may rely,

in some circumstances, on trade secrets and unpatented know-how to protect
aspects of our technology. We seek to protect our proprietary technology and processes, in part, by
entering into confidentiality agreements with consultants, scientific advisors and contractors and
invention assignment agreements with our employees. We also seek to preserve the integrity and
confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by maintaining physical security of our premises and
physical and electronic security of our information technology systems.

Additionally, we currently own a number of registered trademarks and pending trademark
applications. We currently have registered trademarks for BeiGene and our corporate logo in China,
the European Union and other jurisdictions and are seeking trademark protection for BeiGene and our
corporate logo in the United States and other countries where available and appropriate.

Research and Development

for

the treatment of cancer. We have made significant

We are a leader in the research and development of innovative molecularly targeted and
immuno-oncology drugs
investments
identifying, developing and commercializing biologic drug product candidates with significant market
potential. Our current research and development activities mainly relate to the clinical advancement
of our six internally-developed drug candidates: (1) zanubrutinib, an investigational small molecule
inhibitor of BTK; (2) tislelizumab, an investigational humanized monoclonal antibody against PD-1;
(3) pamiparib, an investigational small molecule inhibitor of PARP1 and PARP2; (4) lifirafenib, a
novel small molecule inhibitor of both the monomer and dimer forms of BRAF; (5) BGB-A333, an
investigational humanized monoclonal antibody against PD-L1; and (6) BGB-A425, an investigational
humanized monoclonal antibody against TIM-3. In July 2017, we entered into an Exclusive License
and Collaboration Agreement, as amended and restated, with Celgene and Celgene Switzerland,
pursuant to which we agreed to collaborate to develop and commercialize tiselizumab. For more
details see “— Collaboration Agreements — Celgene Corporation — Exclusive License and
Collaboration Agreement.”

— 246 —

