FINANCIAL INFORMATION

allocated to the research and development services is deferred and recognized over time, as the related
services are performed. Research and development service reimbursement revenue for the clinical
trials that Celgene opts into under the collaboration arrangement with Celgene are recognized over
time, as the related research and development services are performed.

In determining the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as we fulfill our obligations
under our collaboration agreements, we use judgement to determine : (a) whether the promised goods
and services are performance obligations, including whether they are distinct in the context of the
contracts;
including the constraint on variable
consideration; (c) the estimate of the best selling price of each performance obligation; and (d) the
recognition of revenue when (or as) we satisfy each performance obligation.

the transaction price,

the measurement of

(b)

from relevant

Our collaboration agreements may entitle us to additional payments upon the achievement of
certain milestones, including development milestones based on the advancement of clinical trials;
regulatory milestones based on approval
regulatory agencies, and sales-based
milestones based on meeting specific thresholds of sales in certain geographic areas. We evaluate
whether it is probable that the consideration associated with each milestone will not be subject to a
significant reversal in the cumulative amount of revenue recognized. Amounts that meet this threshold
are included in the transaction price using the most likely amount method, which is the single most
likely outcome of the contract (we either achieve a milestone or do not), whereas amounts that do not
meet this threshold are considered constrained and excluded from the transaction price until they meet
this threshold. We re-evaluate the probability of a significant reversal of the cumulative revenue
recognized for our milestones at each reporting period, and, if necessary, adjust our estimate of the
overall arrangement consideration. Any such adjustments are recorded on a cumulative catch-up basis,
which would affect revenues from collaborators and loss in the period of adjustment.

Research and Development Expenses

expenses

costs

represent

associated with the

Research and development

collaborative
arrangements, which primarily include (1) payroll and related costs
(including share-based
compensation) associated with research and development personnel; (2) costs related to clinical trials
and preclinical
testing of our technologies under development; (3) costs to develop the product
candidates, including raw materials and supplies, product testing, depreciation, and facility related
expenses; (4) expenses for research services provided by universities and contract
laboratories,
including sponsored research funding; and (5) other research and development expenses. Research and
development expenses are charged to expense as incurred when these expenditures relate to our
research and development services and have no alternative future uses.

Clinical trial costs are a significant component of our research and development expenses. We
have a history of contracting with third parties that perform various clinical trial activities on behalf
of us in the ongoing development of our product candidates. Expenses related to clinical trials are
accrued based on our estimates of the actual services performed by the third parties for the respective
period. If the contracted amounts are modified (for instance, as a result of changes in the clinical trial
protocol or scope of work to be performed), we will modify the related accruals accordingly on a
prospective basis. Revisions in the scope of a contract are charged to expense in the period in which
the facts that give rise to the revision become reasonably certain.

— 298 —

