APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF THE CONSTITUTION OF THE
COMPANY AND CAYMAN COMPANIES LAW

effectiveness of our Articles, each director of each class the term of which shall then expire shall, upon
the expiration of his or her term, be eligible for re-election at such annual general meeting to hold
office for a three-year term and until such director’s successor has been duly elected. Our Articles
provide that, unless otherwise determined by shareholders in a general meeting, our board will consist
of not less than three directors. We have no provisions relating to retirement of directors upon reaching
any age limit. A director shall not be required to hold any shares in the Company by way of
qualification.

In the event of a casual vacancy arising from the resignation of a former director or as an addition
to the existing board, our board may, by the affirmative vote of a simple majority of the remaining
directors present and voting at a board meeting, appoint any person to be a director, unless the board
resolves to follow any available exceptions or exemptions.

For so long as our shares or our American depositary shares are listed on Nasdaq and for so long
as our shares are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, our directors shall comply with any
director nomination procedures required under the Nasdaq Stock Market Rules and the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange Listing Rules and during such time we shall
least such number of
independent directors as applicable law, the Nasdaq Stock Market Rules and the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange Listing Rules shall require.

include at

Our board has a chairman who has been elected and appointed by a majority of the directors then
in office. The period for which our chairman holds office shall also be determined by a majority of
all of our directors then in office. Our chairman shall preside as chairman at every meeting of our
board. To the extent that our chairman is not present at a meeting of our board within 15 minutes after
the time appointed for holding the same, the remaining attending directors may choose one of their
number to be the chairman of that meeting.

Our directors are elected by an ordinary resolution of the holders of ordinary shares at each
annual general meeting of the company to fill the seats of those directors whose terms expire at such
annual general meeting.

The remuneration of our directors shall be determined by our board.

Each of our directors holds office until his successor is duly elected or appointed or his earlier
resignation or removal, notwithstanding any agreement between the company and the director. Our
directors may be removed by a special resolution, with or without cause.

Our board may, from time to time, and except as required by applicable law, the Nasdaq Stock
Market Rules or the Hong Kong Stock Exchange Listing Rules, adopt, institute, amend, modify or
revoke any of our corporate governance policies or initiatives of the company, which shall be intended
to set forth the guiding principles and policies of the company and our board on various corporate
matters.

— III-5 —

