BUSINESS

Experienced Management Team with Diverse Backgrounds and Skill Sets

We have assembled an experienced management team with geographically diverse backgrounds
and skillsets to lead our company. Our Co-Founder, Xiaodong Wang, Ph.D., is a highly respected
cancer scientist, a member of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences and the Chinese Academy of
Sciences, and head of China’s National Institute of Biological Sciences. John Oyler, our Co-Founder,
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board is a serial entrepreneur with a track record of
successfully starting and managing companies in several
industries including biotechnology. Dr.
Xiaobin Wu, our General Manager of China and President, was the Country Manager of Pfizer China
and Regional President of Pfizer Essential Health for Greater China and has 17 years of experience
leading China operations of multinational companies. Our management
team has experience
successfully translating scientific visions into tangible drug candidates, solving complex issues in
clinical development, progressing drug candidates through regulatory approval, and commercializing
innovative therapies.

Our Strategy

Our mission is to become a global leader in the discovery, development and commercialization
of innovative therapies. In the near term, we plan to focus on pursuing the following significant
opportunities:

Globally Develop and Commercialize Zanubrutinib, a Potentially Best-in-Class BTK Inhibitor

Zanubrutinib is an investigational small molecule inhibitor of BTK that

is currently being
evaluated both as a monotherapy and in combination with other therapies to treat various lymphomas.
Our clinical experience to date suggests a potentially best-in-class profile. To pursue this opportunity,
we are conducting a broad pivotal clinical program globally and in China, including a global Phase
3 trial head-to-head against ibrutinib in WM, a global Phase 3 trial in treatment-naïve CLL/SLL, a
global pivotal Phase 2 trial in combination with obinutuzumab in FL, and three China pivotal Phase
2 trials in MCL, CLL/SLL and WM, respectively. Subject to the successful completion and satisfactory
results of the trials, we expect to file for approval in China in 2018 for the treatment of R/R MCL and
accelerated approval in the U.S. for the treatment of WM in the first half of 2019.

Develop and Commercialize Our Investigational Checkpoint Inhibitor, Tislelizumab, in a Rapidly
and Favorably Evolving China Market

We believe that there is a large and growing opportunity for novel cancer therapeutics in China
and that the market opportunity for PD-1/PD-L1 antibody therapies may be especially attractive, as
this class of agents has demonstrated anti-tumor activity in all four of the most common tumors in
China: lung, gastric, liver and esophageal cancers. We believe that we are uniquely positioned to
capture this opportunity with our strategic collaboration with Celgene, our strong presence in China,
and our integrated global and China clinical development capabilities. We have initiated global Phase
3 trials to evaluate tislelizumab as a potential second- or third-line treatment compared to docetaxel
in patients with NSCLC; as a potential first-line treatment compared to sorafenib in patients with
HCC; and as a potential second-line treatment compared to investigator-chosen chemotherapy in
patients with esophageal squamous cell carcinoma, or ESCC. We also have a global Phase 2 trial in

— 206 —

