BUSINESS

73%,
including 50% complete response, and the frequency and severity of adverse events was
generally consistent with the previously reported data for tislelizumab, or, in the case of certain
immune-related events such as hypothyroidism and fever, consistent with previous reports of other
PD-1 antibodies for the treatment of cHL. We expect to include these data, along with additional
follow-up data from the study, in the NDA that we plan to file with the CDA in China later this year,
subject to the successful completion and satisfactory results of the trials.

If approved, we plan to commercialize tislelizumab shortly after approval.

WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ULTIMATELY DEVELOP AND MARKET TISLELIZUMAB

SUCCESSFULLY.

Pamiparib (BGB-290), a PARP Inhibitor

Pamiparib is an investigational small molecule inhibitor of PARP1 and PARP2 that is being
evaluated as a potential monotherapy and in combinations for the treatment of various solid tumors.
We believe pamiparib has the potential to be differentiated from other PARP inhibitors because of its
potential brain penetration, greater
strong DNA-trapping activity, and good oral
bioavailability. Pamiparib has demonstrated pharmacological properties such as brain penetration and
PARP—DNA complex trapping in preclinical models.

selectivity,

Mechanism of Action

PARP family members PARP1 and PARP2 play essential roles in cell survival in response to
DNA damage. PARP1 and PARP2 are key base-excision-repair proteins that function as DNA damage
sensors by binding rapidly to the site of damaged DNA and modulating a variety of proteins in DNA
repair processes. Inhibition of PARPs prevents the repair of common single-strand DNA breaks which
leads to formation of double-strand breaks during DNA replication. Double-strand DNA breaks in
normal cells are repaired by homologous recombination, and normal cells are relatively tolerant of
PARP inhibition. On the other hand, cancer cells with mutations in breast cancer susceptibility gene,
or BRCA1/2 genes, which are key players in homologous recombination, are highly sensitive to PARP
inhibition. This phenomenon is called “synthetic lethality” and is the foundation of the therapeutic
utility of PARP inhibitors as a monotherapy for BRCA mutant cancers. In addition to hereditary
BRCA1/2 mutations, the synthetic lethality concept has been broadened to include sporadic tumors
that display homologous recombination deficiency, or HRD, a gene expression profile that resembles
that of a BRCA deficient
tumor. HRD can stem from somatic mutation of BRCA1/2, epigenetic
silencing of BRCA genes or genetic or epigenetic loss of function of other genes in homologous
recombination DNA damage repair pathways. Third-party clinical studies have published results
demonstrating that
sensitivity to PARP
inhibitors in OC as well. Thus, the application of PARP inhibitors is likely broader than BRCA or HRD
mutations, and there is additional possibility to identify and enrich patient populations for PARP
inhibition.

sensitivity to platinum-based chemotherapies confers

— 227 —

