FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Registration Rights

In connection with our preferred share financings, we entered into (1) an investors’ rights
agreement, (2) a right of first refusal and co-sale agreement and (3) a voting agreement, in each case,
with the purchasers of our preferred shares and certain holders of our ordinary shares. The primary
rights under each of these terminated upon the closing of our initial public offering, other than certain
registration rights for certain holders of our ordinary shares.

On November 16, 2016, we entered into an additional registration rights agreement with 667,
L.P., Baker Brothers Life Sciences, L.P. and 14159, L.P., or collectively,
the “Baker Entities,”
Hillhouse BGN Holdings Limited, Gaoling Fund, L.P. and YHG Investment, L.P., or collectively, the
“Hillhouse Entities” (each an “Investor” and collectively, the “Investors”), all of which are existing
shareholders of our company. The Baker Entities are affiliated with two of our Directors, Michael
Goller and Ranjeev Krishana. The Hillhouse Entities are affiliated with one of our Directors, Qingqing
Yi. The registration rights agreement provides that, subject to certain limitations, if at any time and
from time to time, the Investors demand that we register our ordinary shares and any other securities
held by the Investors at the time any such demand is made on a registration statement on Form S-3
for resale under the U.S. Securities Act, we would be obligated to effect such registration. Our
registration obligations under the registration rights agreement will continue in effect for up to four
years and include our obligation to facilitate certain underwritten public offerings of our ordinary
shares or ADSs by the Investors in the future. The registration rights agreement also requires us to pay
expenses relating to such registrations and indemnify the Investors against certain liabilities.

Pursuant to the aforementioned investors’ rights agreement and registration rights agreement, on
May 26, 2017, we filed a registration statement on Form S-3 on behalf of certain shareholders,
registering 299,279,370 ordinary shares in the form of 23,021,490 ADSs to be resold by the selling
shareholders identified therein and in any related prospectus supplement from time to time.

For more details about our related party transactions, see Note 34 to the Accountant’s Report

included in Appendix I to this prospectus.

Our Directors confirm that our transactions with related parties during the Track Record Period
were conducted on an arm’s length basis, and they did not distort our results of operations or make
our historical results not reflective of our future performance.

Dividends

We have never declared or paid any dividends on our ordinary shares or any other securities. We
currently intend to retain all available funds and earnings,
to fund the development and
expansion of our business and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. Investors should not purchase our ordinary shares with the expectation of receiving cash
dividends.

if any,

— 307 —

