DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Dr. Huang received her Bachelor of Science degree in Biological Sciences from Stanford
University in June, 1998 and her M.D. from University of Washington School of Medicine in June,
1998. She is board certified in hematology, oncology, and internal medicine, and she completed her
residency in Internal Medicine and fellowships in Hematology and Oncology at Stanford University.

Dr. Xiaobin Wu, Ph.D., aged 57, joined our Company in April 2018 as our General Manager,
China and President. He has more than 25 years of experience in the pharmaceutical
industry,
including 17 years leading China operations of multinational companies, with expertise in research
and development, strategy, commercialization and general management. Before joining the Company
in April 2018, Dr. Wu served as the Country Manager of Pfizer China from 2009 to April 2018 and
Regional President of Pfizer Essential Health in the Greater China Region from 2017 to April 2018.
Under his leadership, Pfizer China experienced significant growth to become a leading multinational
pharmaceutical company in China. Prior to Pfizer, Dr. Wu served as President and Managing Director
of Wyeth China and Hong Kong from 2004 to 2009. Before joining Wyeth, Dr. Wu served as the
General Manager of Bayer Healthcare in China from 2001 to 2004. He started his career in 1992 in
sales and marketing with Bayer in Germany. Dr. Wu has served as a Vice Chairman of the R&D Based
Pharmaceutical Association Committee (RDPAC) in China since 2008. He also serves as Vice
Chairman of the Pharmaceutical Chamber of Commerce of China’s National Association of Industry
& Commerce, and Executive Vice Chairman of the Chinese Pharmaceutical Enterprise Association. He
is also a research fellow at the Research Center of National Drug Policy and Ecosystem (NDPE) of
China Pharmaceutical University in Nanjing, China.

In addition to his duties in industry associations, Dr. Wu has received numerous industry awards,
including most recently “Person of the Year” in Healthy China Awards 2017, “2017 Top 10 Most
Influential Persons in the Chinese Healthcare Industry” and the “2017 Social Responsibility Eminent
Person Award.”

Dr. Wu earned a Ph.D. in Biochemistry and Pharmacology and a Diploma in Biology in April,

1993 and January, 1990, respectively, from the University of Konstanz in Germany.

Save as disclosed above, each member of our senior management had not held any other
directorships in listed companies during the three years immediately prior to the Latest Practicable
Date.

Employment Agreements of Senior Management and Technical Staff

Mr. John V. Oyler and our Company and certain of our subsidiaries entered into employment
agreements with John V. Oyler on April 25, 2017, pursuant to which Mr. Oyler serves as our Chief
Executive Officer. Mr. Oyler currently receives a base salary of US$650,000, which is subject to
review and adjustment in accordance with our Company’s policy. Mr. Oyler’s base salary is allocated
between us and certain of our subsidiaries. Mr. Oyler’s employment agreements also provide for
certain transportation and international travel benefits and tax equalization payments. His employment
agreements have an initial three-year term and automatically renew for additional one-year terms
unless either party provides written notice of nonrenewal. Mr. Oyler’s employment can be terminated
at will by either party. Upon termination of Mr. Oyler’s employment for any reason, we will pay (i)
accrued but unpaid base salary during the final payroll period of employment; (ii) unpaid vacation

— 328 —

