RISK FACTORS

Risks Related to Extensive Government Regulation

All material aspects of the research, development and commercialization of pharmaceutical
products are heavily regulated.

All jurisdictions in which we intend to conduct our pharmaceutical-industry activities regulate
these activities in great depth and detail. We intend to focus our activities in the major markets of the
United States, China and other Asian countries, and the European Union. These geopolitical areas all
strictly regulate the pharmaceutical industry, and in doing so they employ broadly similar regulatory
strategies, including regulation of product development and approval, manufacturing, and marketing,
sales and distribution of products. However, there are differences in the regulatory regimes—some
minor, some significant—that make for a more complex and costly regulatory compliance burden for
a company like ours that plans to operate in each of these regions.

The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and compliance with appropriate laws and
regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with
the applicable requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process, or
after approval, may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could
include a regulator’s refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, license
revocation, a clinical hold, voluntary or mandatory product recalls, product seizures, total or partial
suspension of production or distribution,
refusals of government contracts,
restitution, disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties. The failure to comply with these regulations
could have a material adverse effect on our business.

injunctions,

fines,

The regulatory approval processes of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, China Drug
Administration, European Medicines Agency and other comparable regulatory authorities are
lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable. If we are ultimately unable to obtain
regulatory approval for our drug candidates, our business will be substantially harmed.

The time required to obtain approval by the FDA, the CDA, the European Medicines Agency, or
EMA, and other comparable regulatory authorities is unpredictable but typically takes many years
following the commencement of preclinical studies and clinical
trials and depends on numerous
factors, including the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities.

Our drug candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including:

•

•

•

•

failure to begin or complete clinical trials due to disagreements with regulatory authorities;

failure to demonstrate that a drug candidate is safe and effective or that a biologic candidate
is safe, pure, and potent for its proposed indication;

failure of clinical trial results to meet the level of statistical significance required for
approval;

data integrity issues related to our clinical trials;

— 45 —

