BUSINESS

patients with previously treated advanced HCC, as well as a global Phase 2 trial in patients with
relapsed or refractory mature T- and NK-cell lymphomas. We and our strategic collaborator Celgene
expect to commence additional global pivotal trials in 2018 and 2019. Moreover, we have three
additional China pivotal trials ongoing, and subject to the successful completion and satisfactory
results of the trials, we expect to file for approval in China for the treatment of cHL in 2018.

Build A Leadership Position by Further Expanding Our Capabilities

Although we believe that we have significant integrated capabilities in research and clinical
development, manufacturing and commercialization, we plan to continue to strengthen and expand our
platform. In particular, we plan to significantly expand our commercial capabilities in China in
preparation for the potential launch of our drug candidates and to support our existing marketed drugs.
We have an established commercial team in China, which provides coverage of large hospitals and
physician clients. As a result of the improving reimbursement environment
in China, which is
expected to provide access to innovative medicines for a significantly larger number of patients, we
believe that the scale of our commercial organization and the breadth of our market coverage will
become even more important. We plan to invest in expanding our teams of sales and marketing, market
access, medical and scientific affairs, compliance, and other supporting functions. We aim to become
a leading organization in the commercialization of oncology drugs in China. Outside of China, we also
plan to build commercial capabilities in the hematology-oncology area ahead of the potential launch
of zanubrutinib. In addition, we plan to continue to invest in building our global clinical development
capabilities, which we believe will provide a competitive advantage in allowing us to conduct pivotal
trials to support approvals globally and in China.

Take Advantage of Significant Regulatory Reforms
Development

in China to Accelerate Global Drug

Historically, the regulatory environment in China has been considered highly challenging, with
clinical development significantly delayed and regulatory approvals taking much longer than in the
United States and Europe. To address these challenges, the CDA has issued a series of reform policies
and opinions, which, among many things, are expected to expand access to clinical patients and
expedite development and approval by removing delays and creating an environment with
international quality standards for drug development, manufacturing and commercialization in China.
We expect that these regulatory reforms will allow clinical trials in China to play a major role in global
drug development programs. We also believe that the ability to effectively operate in China and
integrate trials conducted in China with those in the rest of the world will be of increasing strategic
importance. We are already taking advantage of these opportunities by conducting and leading
dual-purpose global / China registration trials under our collaboration with Celgene.

— 207 —

