REGULATIONS

Market exclusivity provisions under the FDCA can also delay the submission or the approval of
certain applications. The FDCA provides a five-year period of non-patent marketing exclusivity within
the United States to the first applicant to gain approval of an NDA for a new chemical entity. A drug
is a new chemical entity if the FDA has not previously approved any other new drug containing the
same active moiety, which is the molecule or ion responsible for the action of the drug substance.
During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept for review an abbreviated NDA, or ANDA, or
a 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company for another version of such drug where the applicant
does not own or have a legal right of reference to all the data required for approval. However, such
an application may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or
non-infringement. The FDCA also provides three years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA,
505(b)(2) NDA or supplement
than
bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to
be essential to the approval of the application, for example, for new indications, dosages or strengths
of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only the conditions of use associated with the
new clinical
the FDA from approving ANDAs for drugs
containing the original active agent. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission
or approval of a full NDA. However, an applicant submitting a full NDA would be required to conduct
or obtain a right of reference to all of the preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical
trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness.

to an existing NDA if new clinical

investigations, other

investigations and does not prohibit

Pediatric exclusivity is another type of exclusivity in the United States. Pediatric exclusivity, if
granted, provides an additional six months of exclusivity, which runs from the end of other exclusivity
or patent periods.

Biosimilars and Exclusivity

The PHSA includes an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products shown to be similar
to, or interchangeable with, an FDA-licensed reference biological product. Biosimilarity, which
requires that there be no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the
reference product in terms of safety, purity and potency, can be shown through analytical studies,
animal studies, and a clinical trial or trials. Interchangeability requires that a product is biosimilar to
the reference product and the product must demonstrate that it can be expected to produce the same
clinical results as the reference product and, for products administered multiple times, the biologic and
the reference biologic may be switched after one has been previously administered without increasing
safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biologic.

A reference biologic is granted twelve years of exclusivity from the time of first licensure of the
reference product. The first biologic product submitted under the abbreviated approval pathway that
is determined to be interchangeable with the reference product has exclusivity against other biologics
submitting under the abbreviated approval pathway for the lesser of (i) one year after the first
commercial marketing, (ii) 18 months after approval if there is no legal challenge, (iii) 18 months after
the resolution in the applicant’s favor of a lawsuit challenging the biologic’s patents if an application
has been submitted, or (iv) 42 months after the application has been approved if a lawsuit is ongoing
within the 42-month period.

— 173 —

