BUSINESS

Under these agreements, we received US$6 million in non-refundable upfront payments in
December 2013 in connection with the signing of the agreements, including US$5 million under the
PRC PARP Agreement and US$1 million under the Ex-PRC PARP Agreement. We had also received
US$10 million in milestone payments as of March 31, 2018, including US$1 million under the PRC
PARP Agreement upon dosing of the first patient in the first Phase 2 trial in the PRC Territory, and
US$9 million under the Ex-PRC PARP Agreement upon dosing of the fifth patient in the first Phase
1 trial in the Ex-PRC territory. Pursuant to the terms of the agreements, we are eligible to receive an
in payments upon the successful
additional US$6 million and US$2.5 million,
achievement of pre-specified clinical and regulatory milestones in the PRC Territory. Also,
in
consideration for the licenses granted to us, we are required to pay Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany
a high single-digit royalty on aggregate net sales of Licensed PARP Inhibitors in the PRC Territory.

respectively,

The PRC PARP Agreement continues unless terminated as permitted by either party. Merck
KGaA, Darmstadt Germany has the right to terminate due to our uncured breach or for convenience
upon prior written notice. We have the right to terminate these agreements due to Merck KGaA,
Darmstadt Germany’s uncured breach or for any challenge brought against our licensed patent rights.

Lifirafenib

On May 24, 2013, we entered into license agreements with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany
for lifirafenib, which were amended in 2013 and 2015 and which we refer to respectively as the
Ex-PRC BRAF Agreement and PRC BRAF Agreement. In March 2017, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt
Germany informed us that it would not exercise a continuation option in the ex-PRC territory, and
thus, the ex-PRC BRAF Agreement terminated in its entirety, except for certain provisions that survive
termination. Under the PRC BRAF Agreement, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany granted us an
exclusive license under certain of
its intellectual property rights to develop, manufacture and
commercialize the RAF dimer inhibitor in the PRC, which we refer to as the PRC Territory, subject
to certain non-compete restrictions. Further, pursuant to the PRC BRAF Agreement, Merck KGaA,
Darmstadt Germany has an exclusive right of first negotiation to acquire exclusive commercialization
rights under the lifirafenib BRAF program in the PRC Territory on terms to be mutually agreed in the
event we seek to license our intellectual property rights to a third party in the territory.

Under these agreements,

in December 2013, we received US$13 million in non-refundable
payments, including US$10 million under the PRC BRAF Agreement and US$3 million under the
Ex-PRC BRAF Agreement. As of March 31, 2018, we had received US$9 million in milestone
payments, including US$4 million under the PRC BRAF Agreement upon dosing of the fifth patient
in the first Phase 1 trial in the PRC Territory, and US$5 million under the Ex-PRC BRAF Agreement
upon dosing of the fifth patient in the first Phase 1 trial in the Ex-PRC territory. We are eligible to
receive an additional US$14 million in payments upon the successful achievement of pre-specified
clinical milestones in the PRC Territory. We are required to pay Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany a
high single-digit royalty on aggregate net sales of the licensed compounds in the PRC Territory.

— 240 —

