RISK FACTORS

In addition, while we typically require our employees, consultants and contractors who may be
involved in the development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual
property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who in fact
develops intellectual property that we regard as our own, which may result in claims by or against us
related to the ownership of such intellectual property. If we fail in prosecuting or defending any such
claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights.
Even if we are successful in prosecuting or defending against such claims, litigation could result in
substantial costs and be a distraction to our management and scientific personnel.

We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights for our development
pipeline through acquisitions and in-licenses.

Because our programs may involve additional drug candidates that may require the use of
proprietary rights held by third parties, the growth of our business may depend in part on our ability
to acquire and maintain licenses or other rights to use these proprietary rights. We may be unable to
acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of use, or other third-party intellectual property rights
from third parties that we identify. The licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property
rights is a competitive area, and a number of more established companies are also pursuing strategies
to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive. These
established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and
greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. If we are unable to successfully
obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property rights, our business, financial condition and
prospects for growth could suffer.

If we fail to comply with our obligations in the agreements under which we license intellectual
property rights from third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our business
relationships with our licensors, we could be required to pay monetary damages or could lose
license rights that are important to our business.

We have entered into license agreements with third parties providing us with rights under various
third-party patents and patent applications. These license agreements impose diligence, development
or commercialization timelines and milestone payment, royalty, insurance and other obligations on us.
If we fail
to comply with our obligations under our current or future license agreements, our
counterparties may have the right to terminate these agreements, in which event we might not be able
to develop, manufacture or market any drug or drug candidate that is covered by the licenses provided
for under these agreements or we may face claims for monetary damages or other penalties under these
agreements. Such an occurrence could diminish the value of these products and our company.
Termination of the licenses provided for under these agreements or reduction or elimination of our
rights under these agreements may result in our having to negotiate new or reinstated agreements with
less favorable terms, or cause us to lose our rights under these agreements, including our rights to
important intellectual property or technology.

— 73 —

