WAIVERS FROM COMPLIANCE WITH THE LISTING RULES AND EXEMPTIONS FROM

THE COMPANIES (WINDING UP AND MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS) ORDINANCE

We will also put forth a resolution at the Next GM to amend our Articles such that (i) holders
of one-tenth (1/10) of voting rights of our issued share capital may requisition a general meeting of
shareholders, compared to the simple majority requirement currently set out in our Articles, (ii) the
shareholders requisitioning the general meeting of shareholders may put forward resolutions to
appoint or remove directors, and (iii) at that meeting so convened the affirmative vote of a majority
of the then outstanding shares be sufficient to approve the election or removal of directors. In many
cases, an Articles Requirement may not strictly be met but are covered by a broadly commensurate
provision in the Articles, a comparable law or rule that the Company is already subject to by virtue
of being listed on the Nasdaq, or the Company has undertaken to put alternative measures in place to
otherwise comply with the obligations underlying the relevant Articles Requirement.

As regards special resolutions

Paragraph 1 of Part B of Appendix 13 defines a special resolution to be a resolution passed by
members holding three-fourths of the voting rights of those present and voting in person or by proxy
at a meeting of members. Our Articles provides that a special resolution is a resolution passed by
members holding two-thirds of the voting rights of those present and voting in person or by proxy at
a meeting of members, which is consistent with the requirements applicable for Nasdaq-listed
companies. In addition, the Company does not have a controlling shareholder capable of either passing
a resolution by itself or blocking the passing of a resolution by itself. Therefore, we believe that our
Articles provide substantively the same level of protection to shareholders as provided under the
Listing Rules. We have therefore applied for, and the Stock Exchange has agreed to grant, a waiver
from the requirement set out in Paragraph 1 of Part B of Appendix 13 for the reasons set out above.

As regards share capital

Paragraph 2(1) of Part B of Appendix 13 provides that if at any time the share capital is divided
into different classes of shares, the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided by the terms
of issue of the shares of that class) may be varied only with the consent in writing of the holders of
three-fourths in nominal value of the issued shares of the class in question or with the sanction of a
resolution passed at a separate general meeting of the holders of the shares of that class by members
holding shares representing three-fourths in nominal value of the shares present in person or by proxy
and voting at such meeting. Our Articles provides that class rights may only be varied with the written
consent of the holders of two-thirds in nominal value of the issued shares of the class in question or
a corresponding resolution. Furthermore, we currently only have one class of shares (being our
ordinary shares). We therefore believe that our Articles provide substantively the same level of
protection to shareholders as provided under the Listing Rules. We have therefore applied for, and the
Stock Exchange has agreed to grant, a waiver from the requirement set out in Paragraph 2(1) of Part
B of Appendix 13 for the reasons set out above.

As regards share certificates

Paragraph 2(1) of Appendix 3 provides that all certificates for capital must be under seal, which
may only be affixed with the authority of the directors, or be executed under signature of appropriate
officials with statutory authority. The Company has undertaken to the Stock Exchange that it will issue

— 113 —

