WAIVERS FROM COMPLIANCE WITH THE LISTING RULES AND EXEMPTIONS FROM

THE COMPANIES (WINDING UP AND MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS) ORDINANCE

In preparation for the Global Offering, we have sought the following waivers from strict
compliance with the relevant provisions of the Listing Rules and exemptions from the companies
(Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance:

MANAGEMENT PRESENCE IN HONG KONG

Pursuant to Rule 8.12 of the Listing Rules, an issuer must have sufficient management presence
in Hong Kong. This normally means that at least two of its executive directors must be ordinarily
resident in Hong Kong.

We do not have sufficient management presence in Hong Kong for the purposes of satisfying the
requirements under Rule 8.12 of the Listing Rules. The Group’s management, business operations and
assets are primarily based outside Hong Kong. The principal management headquarters and senior
management of the Group are primarily based in the US. The Directors consider that the appointment
of executive Directors who will be ordinarily resident in Hong Kong would not be beneficial to, or
appropriate for, the Group and therefore would not be in the best interests of the Company and the
Shareholders as a whole. Accordingly, we have applied to the Stock Exchange for, and the Stock
Exchange has granted, a waiver from strict compliance with the requirements under Rule 8.12 of the
Listing Rules. We will ensure that there is an effective channel of communication between us and the
Stock Exchange by way of the following arrangements:

(a)

pursuant to Rule 3.05 of the Listing Rules, we have appointed and will continue to maintain
two authorised representatives, namely Dr. Howard Liang, Chief Financial Officer and
Chief Strategy Officer, and Scott A. Samuels, Senior Vice President, General Counsel, to
be the principal communication channel at all times between the Stock Exchange and the
Company. Each of our authorised representatives will be readily contactable by the Stock
Exchange by telephone, facsimile and/or e-mail to deal promptly with enquiries from the
Stock Exchange. Both of our authorised representatives are authorised to communicate on
our behalf with the Stock Exchange;

(b) we will implement a policy to provide the contact details of each Director (such as mobile
phone numbers, office phone numbers, residential phone numbers, email addresses and fax
numbers) to each of the authorised representatives, to their alternate representative and to
the Stock Exchange. This will ensure that each of the authorised representatives,
the
alternate representative and the Stock Exchange will have the means to contact all the
Directors (including the independent non-executive Directors) promptly as and when
required, including means to communicate with the Directors when they are travelling;

(c) we will ensure that all Directors who are not ordinarily resident in Hong Kong have valid
travel documents to visit Hong Kong and will be able to come to Hong Kong to meet with
the Stock Exchange within a reasonable period of time when required;

— 110 —

