REGULATIONS

The ACA broadened the reach of the fraud and abuse laws by, among other things, amending the
intent requirement of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and the applicable criminal healthcare fraud
statutes contained within 42 U.S.C. § 1320a-7b. Pursuant to the statutory amendment, a person or
entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it in order
to have committed a violation. In addition, the ACA provides that a claim including items or services
resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim
for purposes of the civil False Claims Act or the civil monetary penalties statute. Many states have
adopted laws similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and False Claims Act, some of which apply
to claims for, and referral of patients for, healthcare items or services reimbursed by any source, not
only the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Similarly, state privacy laws may be broader and require
greater protections than HIPAA.

Violations of fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions,
including penalties, fines and/or exclusion or suspension from federal and state healthcare programs
such as Medicare and Medicaid and debarment from contracting with the U.S. government. In
addition, private individuals have the ability to bring actions on behalf of the U.S. government under
the federal False Claims Act as well as under the false claims laws of several states.

PRC Regulation

In the PRC, we operate in an increasingly complex legal and regulatory environment. We are
subject to a variety of PRC laws, rules and regulations affecting many aspects of our business. This
section summarizes the principal PRC laws, rules and regulations relevant
to our business and
operations.

PRC Drug Regulation

Introduction

China heavily regulates the development, approval, manufacturing and distribution of drugs,
including biologics. The specific regulatory requirements applicable depend on whether the drug is
made and finished in China, which is referred to as a domestically manufactured drug, or made abroad
and imported into China in finished form, which is referred to as an imported drug, as well as the
approval or “registration” category of the drug. For both imported and domestically manufactured
drugs, China typically requires regulatory approval for a clinical trial, or CTA, prior to submitting an
application for marketing approval. For a domestically manufactured drug, there is also a requirement
for a drug manufacturing license for a facility in China.

In 2017, the drug regulatory system entered a new and significant period of reform. The State
Council and the China Communist Party jointly issued the Opinion on Deepening the Reform of the
Regulatory Approval System to Encourage Innovation in Drugs and Medical Devices (關於深化審評
審批制度改革鼓勵藥品醫療器械創新的意見), or the Innovation Opinion. The expedited programs and
other advantages under this and other recent reforms encourage drug manufacturers to seek market
approval in China first, manufacture domestically, and develop drugs in high priority disease areas,
such as oncology.

— 177 —

