BUSINESS

shareholders held in June 2017. This decision not
involve any
disagreement with us on any matter relating to our operations, policies or practices. Under the Nasdaq
rules, we had a cure period in order to regain compliance with this rule until the earlier of our next
annual general shareholders’ meeting or June 1, 2018.

to stand for re-election did not

Effective April 1, 2018, our Board appointed Mr. Timothy Chen, one of our existing independent
directors, to serve as a member of the audit committee, resulting in us regaining compliance with the
Nasdaq’s audit committee requirements in the Nasdaq listing rule 5605.

Risk Management and Internal Control

We have devoted ourselves to establishing and maintaining risk management and internal control
systems consisting of policies and procedures that we consider to be appropriate for our business
operations, and we are dedicated to continuously improving these systems.

We have adopted and implemented comprehensive risk management policies in various aspects.

Financial Reporting Risk Management

As a public company in the United States, we are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, together
with rules implemented by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, and applicable
market regulators. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective
internal control for financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. Our internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting process, and the audit committee
oversees our financial reporting process on behalf of the Board. We perform system and process
evaluations and testing of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in
Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission, in order to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting and describe any material weakness in internal control over
financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting is also tested by our independent registered public accounting
firm on an annual basis.

Information System Risk Management

In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including, among
other things, legally protected patient health information, personally identifiable information about
our employees, intellectual property, and proprietary business information. We manage and maintain
our applications and data utilizing on-site systems and outsourced vendors. These applications and
data encompass a wide variety of business critical information including research and development
information, commercial information and business and financial information. We have implemented

— 256 —

