BUSINESS

We entered into a strategic collaboration with Celgene Corporation in August 2017, in which we
obtained an exclusive license to market in China Celgene’s approved cancer therapies ABRAXANE威,
REVLIMID威 and VIDAZA威, as well as rights in China to develop and commercialize avadomide
(CC-122), an investigational next-generation Cereblon modulator currently in clinical development by
Celgene outside of China for lymphoma and hepatocellular carcinomas, or HCC. As part of the
collaboration, we also granted Celgene an exclusive right to develop and commercialize tislelizumab
for solid tumors in the United States, Europe, Japan and the rest of world other than Asia, for which
we received US$263 million in upfront license fees and a US$150 million equity investment and are
eligible to receive up to US$980 million in milestone payments and royalties on future sales.

Our portfolio also includes sitravatinib, an in-licensed,

investigational, spectrum-selective
kinase inhibitor in clinical development by Mirati Therapeutics, Inc., or Mirati, for the treatment of
non-small cell lung cancer, or NSCLC, and other tumors, for which we are planning to initiate clinical
development in China.

We have strong internal capabilities spanning research, clinical development, manufacturing and
trials,
commercialization. We have advanced six internally-developed candidates into clinical
including three into pivotal trials. With more than 500 clinical development personnel in China, the
United States, Australia and Switzerland as of July 20, 2018, we have built
internal clinical
development capabilities globally which we believe provide a competitive advantage over other
biotechnology companies in China. We have an 11,000-square meter facility in Suzhou for the
manufacture of small molecule drugs at commercial scale and biologics drugs at pilot scale. We are
currently building a 24,000-liter commercial-scale biologics manufacturing factory in Guangzhou. We
also have a growing commercial
team in China, which provides us with the initial commercial
platform for the planned launches of our internally-developed drug candidates as well as current and
potentially future in-licensed drug candidates.

We have formed collaborations with other biotechnology companies aiming to capture
opportunities in China and the broader Asia-Pacific region by leveraging our global clinical
development capabilities and China commercial capabilities, as evidenced by our collaborations with
Celgene and Mirati.

We believe we are well-positioned to capture the significant market opportunities in China,
including those created by recent regulatory reforms and new reimbursement policies in China. China
is the second largest pharmaceutical market in the world based on revenue, and the oncology sector
grew at a 13.7% CAGR from 2013 to 2017, according to the Frost and Sullivan Report. We believe
that
there is a large and growing opportunity for novel cancer therapeutics in China based on
significant unmet medical need, a large target patient population, expanding reimbursement coverage,
and increasing treatment affordability and willingness to pay. In addition, the CDA has undertaken
significant regulatory reforms that are designed to accelerate the development of new innovative drugs
and allow China to be an integral part of global drug development. In addition, innovative oncology
drugs have been included in the most recent NDRL, reducing out-of-pocket expenses for patients. We
believe that access to the large number of patients in China during clinical development as well as
commercialization creates new opportunities for us. Leveraging our strong China presence and
commitment to global standards of innovation and quality, we believe we have a unique ability to
effectively take advantage of these opportunities.

— 201 —

