INFORMATION ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS AND THE GLOBAL OFFERING

safekeeping account, he or she must rely on the procedures of his or her broker or bank to assert his
or her rights as ADS owner. Banks and brokers typically hold securities such as the ADSs through
clearing and settlement systems such as DTC. All ADSs held through DTC will be registered in the
name of a nominee of DTC.

DEALINGS AND SETTLEMENT

Dealings in our Shares on the Stock Exchange and our ADSs on the NASDAQ Global Select
Market will be conducted in Hong Kong dollars and U.S. dollars, respectively. Our Shares will be
traded on the Stock Exchange in board lots of 100 Shares.

The transaction costs of dealings in our Shares on the Stock Exchange include a Stock Exchange
trading fee of 0.005%, a SFC transaction levy of 0.0027%, a transfer deed stamp duty of HK$5.00 per
transfer deed and ad valorem stamp duty on both the buyer and the seller charged at the rate of 0.1%
each of the consideration or,
the fair value of our Shares transferred. The brokerage
commission in respect of trades of Shares on the Stock Exchange is freely negotiable.

if higher,

Investors in Hong Kong must settle their trades executed on the Stock Exchange through their
brokers directly or through custodians. For an investor in Hong Kong who has deposited his Shares
in his stock account or in his designated CCASS Participant’s stock account maintained with CCASS,
settlement will be effected in CCASS in accordance with the General Rules of CCASS and CCASS
Operational Procedures in effect from time to time. For an investor who holds the physical certificates,
settlement certificates and the duly executed transfer forms must be delivered to his broker or
custodian before the settlement date.

An investor may arrange with his broker or custodian on a settlement date in respect of his trades
executed on the Stock Exchange. Under the Listing Rules and the General Rules of CCASS and
CCASS Operational Procedures in effect from time to time, the date of settlement must be the second
business day (a day on which the settlement services of CCASS are open for use by CCASS
Participants) following the trade date (T+2). For trades settled under CCASS, the General Rules of
CCASS and CCASS Operational Procedures in effect from time to time provided that the defaulting
broker may be compelled to compulsorily buy-in by HKSCC the day after the date of settlement (T+3),
or if it is not practicable to do so on T+3, at any time thereafter. HKSCC may also impose fines from
T+2 onwards.

The CCASS stock settlement fee payable by each counterparty to a Stock Exchange trade is
currently 0.002% of the gross transaction value subject to a minimum fee of HK$2.00 and a maximum
fee of HK$100.00 per trade.

DEPOSITARY

The depositary for our ADSs is Citibank, N.A. (“the Depositary”), whose office is located at 388
Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013, United States. The certificated ADSs are evidenced by
certificates referred to as American Depositary Receipts (“ADRs”) that are issued by the Depositary.

— 135 —

