REGULATIONS

subject

availability or lack of alternative treatments. In clinical trials, a surrogate endpoint is a marker, such
as a laboratory measurement or clinical signs of a disease or condition that is thought to predict
clinical benefit, but is not itself a measure of clinical benefit. Surrogate endpoints can often be
measured more easily or more rapidly than clinical endpoints. A drug candidate approved on this basis
is
including the completion of
post-approval clinical trials sometimes referred to as Phase 4 trials to confirm the effect on the clinical
endpoint. Failure to conduct required post-approval studies, or to confirm a clinical benefit during
post-marketing studies, will allow the FDA to withdraw the drug from the market on an expedited
basis. All promotional materials for drug candidates approved under accelerated regulations are
subject to prior review by the FDA.

to rigorous post-marketing compliance requirements,

Breakthrough Designation

Breakthrough therapy designation is intended to expedite the development and review of a
breakthrough therapy. A drug or biologic product can be designated as a breakthrough therapy if it is
intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and preliminary clinical evidence
indicates that it may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more
clinically significant endpoints. A sponsor may request that a product be designated as a breakthrough
therapy concurrently with, or at any time after, the submission of an IND, and the FDA must determine
if the candidate qualifies for breakthrough therapy designation within 60 days of receipt of the
sponsor’s request. If so designated, the FDA shall act to expedite the development and review of the
product’s marketing application, including by meeting with the sponsor throughout the product’s
development, providing timely advice to the sponsor to ensure that the development program to gather
preclinical and clinical data is as efficient as practicable, involving senior managers and experienced
review staff in a cross-disciplinary review, and assigning a cross-disciplinary project lead for the FDA
review team to facilitate an efficient review of the development program and to serve as a scientific
liaison between the review team and the sponsor.

Priority Review

The FDA may grant an NDA for a new molecular entity or BLA a priority review designation,
which sets the target date for FDA action on the application at six months after the FDA accepts the
application for filing. Priority review is granted where there is evidence that the proposed product
would be a significant improvement in the safety or effectiveness of the treatment, diagnosis, or
prevention of a serious condition. If criteria are not met for priority review, the application is subject
to the standard FDA review period of ten months after FDA accepts the application for filing. Priority
review designation does not change the scientific/medical standard for approval or the quality of
evidence necessary to support approval.

Post-Approval Requirements

Any products for which we receive FDA approval are subject to continuing regulation by the
FDA, including, among other things, record-keeping requirements, reporting of adverse experiences
with the product, providing the FDA with updated safety and efficacy information, product sampling
and distribution requirements, complying with certain electronic records and signature requirements
and complying with FDA promotion and advertising requirements. The FDA strictly regulates

— 171 —

