RISK FACTORS

If third-party manufacturers fail to comply with manufacturing regulations, our financial
results and financial condition will be adversely affected.

to regulatory inspections of

Before a third party can begin commercial manufacture of our drugs and drug candidates,
contract manufacturers are subject
their manufacturing facilities,
processes and quality systems. Due to the complexity of the processes used to manufacture drug and
biological products and our drug candidates, any potential third-party manufacturer may be unable to
initially pass federal, state or international regulatory inspections in a cost-effective manner in order
for us to obtain regulatory approval of our drug candidates. If our contract manufacturers do not pass
their inspections by the relevant regulatory authorities, our commercial supply of drug product or
substance will be significantly delayed and may result in significant additional costs, including the
delay or denial of any marketing application for our drug candidates or disruption in sales. In addition,
drug and biological manufacturing facilities are continuously subject
to inspection by regulatory
authorities, before and after drug approval, and must comply with cGMPs. Our contract manufacturers
may encounter difficulties in achieving quality control and quality assurance and may experience
shortages in qualified personnel. In addition, contract manufacturers’ failure to achieve and maintain
high manufacturing standards in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements, or the incidence
of manufacturing errors, could result in patient injury, product liability claims, product shortages,
product recalls or withdrawals, delays or failures in product testing or delivery, cost overruns or other
problems that could seriously harm our business. If a third-party manufacturer with whom we contract
is unable to comply with manufacturing regulations, we may also be subject to fines, unanticipated
compliance expenses,
total or partial
suspension of production and/or enforcement actions, including injunctions, and criminal or civil
prosecution. These possible sanctions could materially adversely affect our financial results and
financial condition.

recall or seizure of our drugs, product

liability claims,

Furthermore, changes in the manufacturing process or procedure, including a change in the
location where the product is manufactured or a change of a third-party manufacturer, could require
prior review by regulatory authorities and/or approval of the manufacturing process and procedures
in accordance with applicable requirements. This review may be costly and time consuming and could
delay or prevent
to pre-approval
inspection. In addition, we have to demonstrate that the product made at the new facility is equivalent
to the product made at the former facility by physical and chemical methods, which are costly and time
consuming. It is also possible that regulatory authorities may require clinical testing as a way to prove
equivalency, which would result in additional costs and delay.

the launch of a product. The new facility will also be subject

— 77 —

