BUSINESS

Clinical Trial Data Show Sustained Full BTK Occupancy

Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cell

Lymph Node

Note:
Data from 20 patients.
W1D1 stands for week 1 day 1;
W1D2 stands for week 1 day 2;
W1D3 stands for week 1 day 3;
W2D1 stands for week 2 day 1;
Pre stands for pre-dose

Waldenstrom’s Macroglobulinemia

Note:
QD means once daily,
BID means twice daily.
Paired lymph node biopsies were
collected during screening or pre-dose
on day 3.

On June 15, 2018, we presented data from our Phase 1 trial in patients with WM at the 23rd
Congress of the EHA in Stockholm, Sweden. As of the data cutoff of November 3, 2017, 67 WM
patients were enrolled in the study. At the time of the data cutoff, 59 patients remained on study
treatment. Responses were determined according to the modified Sixth International Workshop on WM
Criteria.

Zanubrutinib was observed to be generally well-tolerated with no discontinuation for
zanubrutinib-related toxicity. AEs were generally mild in severity and self-limited. The most frequent
AEs (>15%, all grade 1-2 but one) of any attribution among 67 patients evaluable for safety were
petechia/purpura/contusion (37%), upper respiratory tract infection (34%), constipation (18%) and
diarrhea (18%). Grade 3-4 AEs of any attribution reported in two or more patients included anemia
(7%), neutropenia (6%), basal cell carcinoma (3%), hypertension (3%), squamous cell carcinoma
(3%), pyrexia (3%), pneumonia (3%), major hemorrhage (3%), and actinic keratosis (3%). Serious
AEs, or SAEs, were seen in 22 patients (33%), with events in five patients (7%) considered possibly
related to zanubrutinib treatment:
fibrillation, hemothorax
(spontaneous) and headache. Among AEs of special interest, four patients (6%) experienced atrial
fibrillation (all grade 1 or 2) and two patients experienced major hemorrhage. Four patients (6%)
discontinued study treatment due to AEs, including fatal worsening bronchiectasis, prostate cancer,
gastric adenocarcinoma, and acute myeloid leukemia. Two patients (3%) disticontinued study
treatment due to disease progression as assessed by investigator and one patient remains on treatment
post disease progression.

febrile neutropenia, colitis, atrial

— 212 —

