REGULATIONS

between the wholly owned or controlled subsidiaries). However, the system still significantly limits
the options for companies to use multiple distributors to reach a larger geographic area in China.
Compliance with the Two-Invoice System will become a prerequisite for pharmaceutical companies to
participate in procurement processes with public hospitals, which provide most of China’s healthcare.
Manufacturers and distributors that
the Two-Invoice System may lose their
qualifications to participate in the bidding process. Non-compliant manufacturers may also be
blacklisted from engaging in drug sales to public hospitals in a locality.

to implement

fail

The Two-Invoice System was first

implemented in 11 provinces that are involved in pilot
comprehensive medical reforms. The objective is nationwide implementation by no later than 2018.
Almost all the provinces and many cities have already adopted implementing rules for the Two-Invoice
System.

Post-Marketing Surveillance

The manufacturer or marketing authorization holder of marketing approval

is primarily
responsible for pharmacovigilance,
including quality assurance, adverse reaction reporting and
monitoring, and product recalls. Distributors and user entities (e.g., hospitals) are also required to
report, in their respective roles, adverse reactions of the products they sell or use, and assist with the
manufacturer of the product recall. A drug that is currently under the new drug monitoring period has
to report all adverse drug reactions (as opposed to just serious adverse reactions) for that period.

Advertising and Promotion of Pharmaceutical Products

China has a strict regime for the advertising of approved medicines. No unapproved medicines
may be advertised. The definition of an advertisement is very broad, and does not exclude scientific
exchange. It can be any media that directly or indirectly introduces the product to end users. There
is no clear line between advertising and any other type of promotion.

Pursuant to the Provisions for Drug Advertisement Examination (藥品廣告審查辦法), which was
promulgated on March 13, 2007 and came into effect on May 1, 2007, an enterprise seeking to
advertise its drugs must apply for an advertising approval code. The validity term of an advertisement
approval number for pharmaceutical drugs is one year. The content of an approved advertisement may
not be altered without prior approval. Where any alteration to the advertisement is needed, a new
advertisement approval number shall be obtained by submitting a reapplication.

Pursuant to the DAL and the Advertisement Law, prescription medicines may only be advertised
to healthcare professionals in approved journals. The individual advertisements themselves must also
to strict content
be approved by a local
restrictions, which prohibit
and guarantees of
effectiveness. Advertising that includes content that is outside of the drug’s approval documentation
(“off-label content”) is strictly prohibited. False advertising can result in civil suits from end users and
administrative liability,
that convey
information about a drug must also be approved by a PFDA.

In addition to advertisements, websites

In addition, advertisements are subject

including fines

level PFDA.

recommendations by doctors

and hospitals

— 184 —

