FINANCIAL INFORMATION

You should read the following discussion and analysis with our audited consolidated financial
information, including the notes thereto, included in the Accountant’s Report in Appendix I to this
prospectus. The following discussion and analysis contain forward-looking statements that involve
risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those
anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors. We discuss factors
that we believe could cause or contribute to these differences below and elsewhere in this
prospectus,
forth under “Risk Factors” and under “Forward-Looking
Statements” in this prospectus.

including those set

in Appendix I

information in accordance with IFRS,

Pursuant to Rule 19.18 of the Listing Rules, the Stock Exchange has allowed us to prepare the
in conformity with U.S. GAAP, provided that a
Accountants’ Report set out
reconciliation of such financial
is included in this
prospectus. In addition, the Stock Exchange has allowed us to prepare our accounts in accordance
with U.S. GAAP after listing for the purposes of our financial reporting required under the Listing
Rules, subject to the condition that our annual accounts should include a reconciliation of our
financial statements in accordance with IFRS in the form and substance adopted in Appendix I to
this prospectus. In addition, the Stock Exchange has imposed the condition that we will be required
to revert to Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards or IFRS should we no longer maintain a
listing on the Nasdaq.

Overview

We are a commercial-stage biotechnology company focused on developing and commercializing
the treatment of cancer. Our
innovative molecularly-targeted and immuno-oncology drugs for
internally-developed lead drug candidates are currently in late-stage clinical
trials, and we are
marketing three in-licensed drugs in China from which we have been generating product revenue since
September 2017. Our mission is to become a global
leader in the discovery, development and
commercialization of innovative therapies.

global

We started as a research and development company in Beijing in 2010 focusing on developing
the last eight years, we have developed into a
best-in-class oncology therapeutics. Over
six
fully-integrated
internally-developed,
clinical drug
candidates. We also have five in-licensed drugs and drug candidates, including three marketed drugs
in China and two clinical-stage drug candidates to which we have obtained development and
commercialization rights in China and other selected countries in the Asia-Pacific region.

clinical-stage drug candidates,

company with

including three

late-stage

biotechnology

a

broad

portfolio

consisting

of

Since inception, we have incurred significant operating losses. Our net losses were US$105.1
million and US$50.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, and
US$95.9 million and US$119.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
As of March 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, we had an accumulated deficit of US$438.0 million
and US$333.4 million, respectively. During the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, we
generated US$32.5 million and nil of revenue, respectively. Our revenue during the three months
ended March 31, 2018 consisted of product sales, reimbursed research and development expenses and
research and development service revenue. During the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, we

— 260 —

