RISK FACTORS

•

•

•

•

•

•

compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees traveling
abroad;

the effects of applicable non-U.S. tax structures and potentially adverse tax consequences;

currency fluctuations, which could result
revenue;

in increased operating expenses and reduced

workforce uncertainty and labor unrest;

failure of our employees and contracted third parties to comply with Office of Foreign
Asset Control rules and regulations and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; and

business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including war and terrorism, or
natural disasters, including earthquakes, volcanoes, typhoons, floods, hurricanes and fires.

These and other risks may materially adversely affect our ability to attain or sustain revenue from

international markets.

The illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit versions of our drugs or stolen
products could have a negative impact on our reputation and business.

Third parties might illegally distribute and sell counterfeit or unfit versions of our drugs, which
do not meet our or our collaborators’ rigorous manufacturing and testing standards. A patient who
receives a counterfeit or unfit drug may be at risk for a number of dangerous health consequences. Our
reputation and business could suffer harm as a result of counterfeit or unfit drugs sold under our or
our collaborators’ brand name(s). In addition, thefts of inventory at warehouses, plants or while
in-transit, which are not properly stored and which are sold through unauthorized channels, could
adversely impact patient safety, our reputation and our business.

Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital

We have a limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate our current
business and predict our future performance.

registrational clinical

We are a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company formed in October 2010. Our operations
to date have focused on organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital,
establishing our intellectual property portfolio, conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials of our
drug candidates and the commercialization of our drugs. We have not yet completed large-scale,
pivotal or
trials, obtained regulatory approvals, or manufactured or had
manufactured a commercial scale drug. We have no internally-developed products approved for
commercial sale and have not generated any revenue from internally-developed product sales. Since
September 2017, we have generated revenues from the sale of drugs in China licensed from Celgene.
Our limited operating history, particularly in light of the rapidly evolving cancer treatment field, may
make it difficult to evaluate our current business and reliably predict our future performance. We may
encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown
factors. If we do not address these risks and difficulties successfully, our business will suffer.

— 60 —

