BUSINESS

(BRCAm, n=1, BRCA-WT, n=4) experienced disease progression and one patient
(BRCAm)
discontinued before the first radiographic assessment. Four of these evaluable TNBC patients were
BRCA-WT and all experienced disease progression during the previous platinum-based chemotherapy.

Clinical Development Plan

In addition to the ongoing Phase 2 trial of pamiparib in combination with tislelizumab, we are
currently conducting two other global combination trials: a Phase 1b/2 trial of pamiparib with
radiation therapy and/or temozolomide in patients with glioblastoma and a Phase 1b/2 trial of
pamiparib with temozolomide in patients with advanced tumors such as OC, TNBC, small cell lung
cancer, prostate cancer and GC. We are also running a global Phase 3 maintenance trial in patients with
platinum-sensitive GC.

In China, we are conducting a Phase 2 pivotal trial in patients with gBRCA-positive OC who
have received at least two prior lines of therapy in advanced or metastatic setting and a Phase 3 trial
as a maintenance therapy in patients with platinum-sensitive recurrent OC.

WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ULTIMATELY DEVELOP AND MARKET PAMIPARIB

SUCCESSFULLY.

Lifirafenib (BGB-283), a RAF Dimer Inhibitor

Lifirafenib is an investigational novel small molecule inhibitor with RAF monomer and dimer
inhibition activities. Lifirafenib has shown antitumor activities in preclinical models and in cancer
patients with tumors harbouring BRAF V600E mutations, non-V600E BRAF mutations or
KRAS/NRAS mutations. We have been developing lifirafenib for the treatment of cancers with
aberrations in the mitogen-activated protein kinase, or MAPK, pathway,
including BRAF gene
mutations and KRAS/NRAS gene mutations where first generation BRAF inhibitors are not effective.
The MAPK pathway consists of proteins in the cell that transmit a signal from a receptor on the
surface of the cell to the DNA in the nucleus of the cell. This pathway plays an essential role in
regulating cell proliferation and survival. We believe that lifirafenib as monotherapy or in combination
with other agents may have a potential for treating various malignancies, such as melanoma, NSCLC
and endometrial cancer.

Roche’s ZELBORAF威 (vemurafenib) and Novartis’ TAFINLAR威 (dabrafenib) are two of the
currently approved BRAF inhibitors for treating late-stage BRAF V600E/K mutant melanoma. In
addition, the combination of dabrafenib and GSK’s MEKINIST威 (trametinib), an MEK inhibitor, as
well as vemurafenib and COTELLIC威 (cobimeditinib), another MEK inhibitor, are approved in
patients with BRAF V600E/K mutation-positive metastatic melanoma. We are aware of several other
BRAF inhibitors in clinical development
targeting BRAF V600E/K mutated cancers including
melanoma, NSCLC, hairy cell leukemia and thyroid cancer. These BRAF inhibitors include Array
Biopharma’s encorafenib, currently in Phase 3 trials, and Takeda’s MLN-2480 (BIIB-024) and
TAK-580, Daiichi Sankyo’s PLX-8394, Roche’s RG-6185, Genentech’s HM95573 and Novartis’
LXH254 in Phase 1 trials.

— 231 —

