RISK FACTORS

regulations in this regard for public comment but no regulations have been formally issued. These
factors result in weaker protection for us against generic competition in China than could be available
to us in the United States until the relevant implementing regulations for extension, patent linkage, or
data exclusivity are put into effect officially in China.

Chinese manufacturing facilities have historically experienced issues operating in line with
established GMPs and international best practices, and passing FDA inspections, which may
result in a longer and costlier current good manufacturing practice inspection and approval
process by the FDA for our Chinese manufacturing processes.

To obtain FDA approval for our products in the United States, we will need to undergo strict
pre-approval inspections of our manufacturing facilities, which we have located in China. Historically,
manufacturing facilities in China have had difficulty meeting the FDA’s standards. When inspecting
our Chinese manufacturing facilities, the FDA might cite current good manufacturing practice, or
cGMP, deficiencies, both minor and significant, which we may not be required to disclose.
Remediating deficiencies can be laborious and costly and consume significant periods of time.
Moreover, if the FDA notes deficiencies as a result of this inspection, it will generally reinspect the
facility to determine if the deficiency was remediated to its satisfaction. The FDA may note further
deficiencies as a result of its reinspection, either related to the previously identified deficiency or
otherwise. If we cannot satisfy the FDA as to our compliance with cGMP in a timely basis, FDA
marketing approval
for our products could be seriously delayed, which in turn would delay
commercialization of our drug candidates.

Undesirable adverse events caused by our drugs and drug candidates could interrupt, delay or
halt clinical trials, delay or prevent regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an
approved label, or result in significant negative consequences following any regulatory approval.

Undesirable adverse events, or AEs, caused by our drugs drug candidates could cause us or
regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive
label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA, CDA, EMA or other comparable
regulatory authority, or could result in limitations or withdrawal following approvals. If results of our
trials reveal a high and unacceptable severity or prevalence of AEs, our trials could be suspended or
terminated and the FDA, CDA, EMA or other comparable regulatory authorities could order us to
cease further development of, or deny approval of, our drug candidates.

Numerous drug-related AEs and serious AEs, or SAEs, have been reported in our clinical trials.
Some of these events have led to patient death. Drug-related AEs or SAEs could affect patient
recruitment or the ability of enrolled subjects to complete the trial, and could result in potential
product
liability claims. Any of these occurrences may harm our reputation, business, financial
condition and prospects significantly. In this prospectus and from time to time we disclose clinical
results for our drug candidates, including the occurrence of AEs and SAEs. Each such document
speaks only as of the date of the data cutoff used in such document, and we undertake no duty to
update such information unless required by applicable law. Also, a number of immune-related adverse
events, or
including

IRAEs, have been associated with treatment with checkpoint

inhibitors,

— 48 —

