APPENDIX IV

STATUTORY AND GENERAL INFORMATION

If the number of unsold shares that are available for purchase under the 2018 ESPP is insufficient
to permit exercise of all rights deemed exercised by all participating employees, a participation
adjustment will be made, and the number of shares purchasable by all participating employees will be
reduced proportionately. Any funds remaining in a participating employee’s account after such
exercise are refunded to the employee, without interest.

Our Board of Directors may amend the 2018 ESPP at any time and in any respect. However,
without the approval of our shareholders, no amendment may (i) increase the number of shares that
may be issued under the 2018 ESPP or (ii) change the class of employees eligible to receive options
under the 2018 ESPP, if such action would be treated as the adoption of a new plan for purposes of
section 423(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of the US.

Our Board of Directors may terminate the 2018 ESPP at any time and for any reason or for no

reason.

4.

2018 Inducement Equity Plan

On June 6, 2018,

the Company adopted the 2018 Inducement Equity Plan and reserved
12,000,000 ordinary shares to be used exclusively for grants of awards to individuals that were not
previously employees of the Company or its subsidiaries, as a material inducement to the individual’s
entry into employment with the Company or its subsidiaries. The 2018 Inducement Equity Plan was
approved by the Board of Directors upon recommendation of our compensation committee. The
Company will not issue any options under the 2018 Inducement Equity Plan until such plan is amended
to comply with Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. The Board is permitted to make the necessary
amendments to the 2018 Inducement Equity Plan under the terms of such plan to comply with Chapter
17 of the Listing Rules and expects to make such amendments prior to completion of the Global
Offering, following which the terms and conditions of the 2018 Inducement Equity Plan, and the forms
of award agreements to be used thereunder will be substantially similar to the 2016 Share Option and
Incentive Plan as will be amended, save for the number of shares reserved under the 2018 Inducement
Equity Plan, as described above in the section headed “2. 2016 Share Option and Incentive”.

E. OTHER INFORMATION

1.

Estate Duty

Our Directors have been advised that no material liability for estate duty is likely to fall on our

Company or any of our subsidiaries.

2.

Litigation

Save as disclosed in this prospectus and so far as our Directors are aware, no litigation or claim

of material importance is pending or threatened against any member of our Group.

3.

Joint Sponsors

The Joint Sponsors have made an application on our behalf to the Listing Committee for the
listing of, and permission to deal in, the Shares in issue, the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Global
Offering (including any Shares which may fall
to the exercise of
the
Over-allotment Option and any Shares to be allotted and issued pursuant to the Equity Plans).

to be issued pursuant

— IV-23 —

