BUSINESS

purpura, hemorrhagic cystitis, renal hematoma, and hemothorax (one each). The median time to first
major hemorrhage was 1.2 months. Amongs patients with emergent atrial fibrillation/flutter (n=8), a
majority had known risk factors including hypertension (n=2), pre-existing cardiovascular disease
(n=2), and concurrent infection (n=1). The cumulative rates of grade 3 or higher infections were 14
percent at six months, 19% at 12 months and 21% at 18 months. The exposure-adjusted incidence rate
was 1.82 per 100 person-months. The most common second primary malignancies included basal cell
carcinoma (3%) and squamous cell carcinoma of the skin (1%).

Clinical Development Plan

Based on the clinical data to date, we believe that zanubrutinib has a potentially best-in-class

profile, and we are running a broad global pivotal program in multiple indications.

the enrollment

Globally, we have an ongoing monotherapy head-to-head Phase 3 trial versus ibrutinib in WM,
which has met
target. The trial has closed new patient screening and completed
enrollment. We are also conducting an ongoing Phase 3 trial compared to bendamustine and rituximab
in combination with GAZYVA威
in patients with TN CLL/SLL; and an ongoing Phase 2 trial
(obinutuzumab) in patients with FL, which is a pivotal trial for accelerated or conditional approval and
will require a confirmatory study. We are also planning a Phase 3 trial for head-to-head comparison
versus ibrutinib in patients with R/R CLL/SLL, which is expected to be initiated in 2018.

In July 2018, zanubrutinib was granted Fast Track Designation by the FDA for the treatment of
patients with WM. Based on our discussions with the FDA, internal review of available data from our
global Phase 1 trial of zanubrutinib in patients with WM, and supported by the Fast Track Designation,
we are preparing to submit in the first half of 2019 an NDA to pursue an accelerated approval of
zanubrutinib for patients with WM based on results from the global Phase 1 study.

In China, we are conducting three separate pivotal Phase 2 trials of zanubrutinib as monotherapy
in patients with R/R MCL, R/R CLL/SLL, and WM, respectively. We expect to file for regulatory
approvals in China for zanubrutinib in these indications based on the results of these Phase 2 trials.
If we receive conditional approval instead of full approval, we will be required to conduct one or more
confirmatory studies after such conditional approvals. We have completed enrollment in all three
pivotal trials. On June 15, 2018, we announced results from the independent review of response data
from the 86-patient single-arm pivotal Phase 2 study of zanubrutinib in Chinese patients with relapsed
or refractory MCL. The ORR of 84% (59% complete response rate) met the pre-specified criteria for
a positive trial, and the median duration of response has not been reached with 8.3 months median
follow-up. The safety profile was consistent with previously reported clinical data for zanubrutinib.
Subject to the successful completion and satisfactory results of the trials, we plan to submit an NDA
in China for patients with R/R MCL later
If approved, we plan to commercialize
zanubrutinib shortly after approval. In addition, we are also conducting a Phase 2 trial of zanubrutinib
in patients with R/R DLBCL.

this year.

— 218 —

