RISK FACTORS

•

•

•

we may not own, or may have to share, the intellectual property rights to any improvements
made by our third-party manufacturers in the manufacturing process for our drug candidates
and drugs;

raw materials and components used in the manufacturing process, particularly those for
which we have no other source or supplier, may not be available or may not be suitable or
acceptable for use due to material or component defects; and

our contract manufacturers and critical reagent suppliers may be subject
weather, as well as natural or man-made disasters.

to inclement

Each of these risks could delay or prevent the completion of our clinical trials or the approval
of any of our drug candidates, result in higher costs or adversely impact commercialization of our
drugs. In addition, we will rely on third parties to perform certain specification tests on our drugs and
drug candidates prior to delivery to patients. If these tests are not appropriately done and test data are
not reliable, patients could be put at risk of serious harm and regulatory authorities could place
significant restrictions on our company until deficiencies are remedied.

Currently, the raw materials for our manufacturing activities are supplied by multiple source
suppliers. We have agreements for the supply of drug materials with manufacturers or suppliers that
we believe have sufficient capacity to meet our demands. In addition, we believe that adequate
alternative sources for such supplies exist. However, there is a risk that, if supplies are interrupted,
it would materially harm our business.

Manufacturers of drug and biological products often encounter difficulties in production,
particularly in scaling up or out, validating the production process, and assuring high reliability of the
manufacturing process (including the absence of contamination). These problems include logistics and
shipping, difficulties with production costs and yields, quality control,
including stability of the
product, product testing, operator error, availability of qualified personnel, as well as compliance with
strictly enforced federal, state and non-U.S. regulations. Furthermore, if contaminants are discovered
in our supply of our drugs and drug candidates or in the manufacturing facilities, such manufacturing
facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy the
contamination. We cannot assure you that any stability failures or other issues relating to the
manufacture of our drug candidates will not occur in the future. Additionally, our manufacturers may
experience manufacturing difficulties due to resource constraints or as a result of labor disputes or
unstable political environments. If our manufacturers were to encounter any of these difficulties, or
otherwise fail
to comply with their contractual obligations, our ability to provide our drugs for
commercial sale and our drug candidates to patients in clinical trials would be jeopardized. Any delay
or interruption in the supply of clinical trial supplies could delay the completion of clinical trials,
increase the costs associated with maintaining clinical trial programs and, depending upon the period
of delay, require us to begin new clinical trials at additional expense or terminate clinical trials
completely.

— 76 —

