HOW TO APPLY FOR HONG KONG OFFER SHARES

•

If you apply through a designated CCASS participant (other than a CCASS investor
participant)

For Hong Kong Public Offering shares credited to your designated CCASS participant’s stock
account (other than CCASS Investor Participant), you can check the number of Hong Kong Public
Offering shares allotted to you with that CCASS participant.

•

If you are applying as a CCASS investor participant

The Company will publish the results of CCASS Investor Participants’ applications together with
the results of the Hong Kong Public Offering in the manner described in “Publication of Results”
above. You should check the announcement published by the Company and report any discrepancies
to HKSCC before 5:00 p.m., Tuesday, August 7, 2018 or any other date as determined by HKSCC or
HKSCC Nominees. Immediately after the credit of the Hong Kong Offer Shares to your stock account,
you can check your new account balance via the CCASS Phone System and CCASS Internet System.

(iii) If you apply through the White Form eIPO service

If you apply for 1,000,000 Hong Kong Offer Shares or more and your application is wholly or
partially successful, you may collect your Share certificate(s) from Hong Kong Share Registrar,
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell
Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, from 9:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. on Tuesday, August
7, 2018, or such other date as notified by the Company in the newspapers as the date of despatch/
collection of Share certificates/e-Refund payment instructions/ refund cheques.

If you do not collect your Share certificate(s) personally within the time specified for collection,
they will be sent to the address specified in your application instructions by ordinary post at your own
risk.

If you apply for less than 1,000,000 Hong Kong Offer Shares, your Share certificate(s) (where
applicable) will be sent to the address specified in your application instructions on or before Tuesday,
August 7, 2018 by ordinary post at your own risk.

If you apply and pay the application monies from a single bank account, any refund monies will
be despatched to that bank account in the form of e-Refund payment instructions. If you apply and pay
the application monies from multiple bank accounts, any refund monies will be despatched to the
address as specified in your application instructions in the form of refund cheque(s) by ordinary post
at your own risk.

(iv)

If you apply via Electronic Application Instructions to HKSCC

Allocation of Hong Kong Offer Shares

For the purposes of allocating Hong Kong Offer Shares, HKSCC Nominees will not be treated
as an applicant. Instead, each CCASS Participant who gives electronic application instructions or each
person for whose benefit instructions are given will be treated as an applicant.

— 380 —

