RISK FACTORS

As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their
interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of
the Board or controlling
shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a Hong Kong company or a U.S. company.

Your voting rights as a holder of the ADSs are limited by the terms of the deposit agreement.
The depositary for the ADSs will give us a discretionary proxy to vote our ordinary shares
underlying your ADSs if you do not vote at shareholders’ meetings, except in limited
circumstances, which could adversely affect your interests.

You may exercise your voting rights with respect to the ordinary shares underlying your ADSs
only in accordance with the provisions of the deposit agreement. Upon receipt of voting instructions
from you in the manner set forth in the deposit agreement, the depositary for the ADSs will endeavor
to vote your underlying ordinary shares in accordance with these instructions. Under our Articles of
Association, the minimum notice period required for convening a general meeting is seven calendar
days. When a general meeting is convened, you may not receive sufficient notice of a shareholders’
meeting to permit you to withdraw your ordinary shares to allow you to cast your vote with respect
to any specific matter at the meeting. In addition, the depositary and its agents may not be able to send
voting instructions to you or carry out your voting instructions in a timely manner. We will make all
reasonable efforts to cause the depositary to extend voting rights to you in a timely manner, but you
may not receive the voting materials in time to ensure that you can instruct the depositary to vote your
shares. Furthermore, the depositary and its agents will not be responsible for any failure to carry out
any instructions to vote, for the manner in which any vote is cast or for the effect of any such vote.
As a result, you may not be able to exercise your right to vote and you may lack recourse if your
ordinary shares are not voted as you requested.

Under the deposit agreement, for the ADSs, the depositary will give us a discretionary proxy to
vote the ordinary shares underlying your ADSs at shareholders’ meetings if you do not give voting
instructions to the depositary, unless:

•

•

•

•

we have failed to timely provide the depositary with our notice of meeting and related
voting materials;

we have instructed the depositary that we do not wish a discretionary proxy to be given;

we have informed the depositary that there is substantial opposition as to a matter to be
voted on at the meeting; or

a matter
shareholders.

to be voted on at

the meeting would have a material adverse impact on

The effect of this discretionary proxy is that,

to give voting instructions to the
depositary, you cannot prevent the ordinary shares underlying your ADSs from being voted, absent the
situations described above, and it may make it more difficult for you to influence our management.
Holders of our ordinary shares are not subject to this discretionary proxy.

if you fail

— 104 —

