BUSINESS

agent avadomide (CC-122) in clinical development. We rely on an independent third-party distributor
to sell these drugs. As of the Latest Practicable Date, we had sold our products to one distributor in
China. See “Risk Factors—If we fail to maintain an effective distribution channel for our products,
our business and sales of the relevant products could be adversely affected.”

network

coverage,

We selected our distributor based on its business qualifications and marketing capabilities, such
as
flow conditions,
distribution
creditworthiness, logistics, compliance standard and past performance, and its capacities in customer
management. As of the Latest Practicable Date, we were not aware of any potential abuses or improper
use of our name by our distributor which could adversely affect our reputation, business operation or
financial condition.

personnel,

quality,

number

of

cash

We have entered into a written distribution agreement with our distributor. The principal terms

are as follows:

Duration

The distribution agreement will remain effective unless terminated
by either party upon six months’ prior written notice.

Geographic or other

exclusivity

Our distributor shall not sell or otherwise distribute the products
outside the PRC, unless otherwise agreed by us in writing.

We grant our distributor a non-sublicensable, non-transferable and
non-assignable:

•

•

non-exclusive limited right to use the know-how and other
confidential information in the PRC.

exclusive right to sell the commercial pack in the PRC.

The rights and obligations of

parties involved

We offer rebates to our distributor, consistent with pharmaceutical
industry practice.

We retain no ownership control over the products sold to our
distributor, and all significant risks and rewards associated with the
products are generally transferred to the distributor upon delivery
to and acceptance by the distributor.

Sales and pricing policies

Our distributor retains the discretion to determine the retail prices
with reference
competition and
customer demand in the regions where it operates, whether greater
or lesser than any prices listed, referred or charged by us.

to local market

conditions,

Obsolete stock arrangements

There is no obsolete stock arrangements condition.

Goods return arrangements

There is no goods return arrangements condition.

— 251 —

