APPENDIX IV

STATUTORY AND GENERAL INFORMATION

impose limitations on options

(including limitations on transfer),

The 2011 Option Plan is administered by our Board or, at the discretion of our Board, a board
committee, which, in either case, has full power, among other things, to select the individuals to whom
awards will be granted; determine the timing of grants; the number of shares issuable upon exercise
of an option and the exercise price of options; accelerate the exercisability of all or any portion of an
option;
impose repurchase
provisions on options and the shares issuable under the options, and to exercise repurchase rights;
extend the period in which an option may be exercised; and adopt, alter and repeal rules and practices
for administration of the plan, interpret the terms of the 2011 Option Plan and options issued under
the 2011 Option Plan, and to make decisions and resolve disputes regarding the 2011 Option Plan, in
each case subject to the provisions of the 2011 Option Plan. The option exercise price of each option
granted under the 2011 Option Plan is determined by our Board or board committee and may not be
less than the fair market value of an ordinary share on the date of grant or the par value of the shares
issuable thereunder. The Board or committee may fix the term of each option, up to a maximum of 10
years from the grant date, and determine at what time or times each option may be exercised when
granting an option.

Options under the 2011 Option Plan are not transferable by the holder except by will or intestacy,
and the shares issuable under the 2011 Option Plan may only be transferred in compliance with the
2011 Option Plan, the holder’s option agreement, and applicable securities laws. We have the right to
repurchase any shares that a holder wishes to sell or otherwise transfer. Upon termination of a holder’s
service relationship, we also have the right to repurchase all of such holder’s shares at fair market
value within 120 days following such termination. We may request a person holding options or shares
issued upon the exercise of the options to enter into a lockup agreement in connection with a public
offering of our shares.

The 2011 Option Plan provides that it and all outstanding options shall terminate upon a sale
event, which includes a merger or a sale of substantially all of our ordinary shares, unless assumed
or continued by the successor entity. However, each holder of options may exercise all options that
are exercisable or will become exercisable as of the effective time of such sale event within a period
of time prior to the consummation of the sale event specified by the board or board committee. We
also have the right to provide for a cash payment to each holder in exchange for the cancellation of
options in an amount equal to the per share sale event consideration times the number of exercisable
options cancelled, minus the aggregate exercise price of all such options.

Our Board may amend or discontinue the 2011 Option Plan, and a board committee may amend
or cancel any outstanding options to satisfy changes in the law or for any other lawful purpose, but
no such action may adversely affect the rights of an award holder without that holder’s consent.

As of December 31, 2015, options to purchase 28,909,324 Shares were outstanding under the
2011 Option Plan. Our Board has determined not to make any further awards under the 2011 Option
Plan following the effectiveness of our 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan. Shares that were
originally reserved for issuance under our 2011 Option Plan but were not issued or subject to awards
under
the 2011 Option Plan on the effective date of our 2016 Share Option and Incentive

— IV-13 —

