DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

transactions. The audit committee comprises three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr.
Thomas Malley, Mr. Qingqing Yi and Mr. Timothy Chen. Mr. Thomas Malley, being the chairman of
the committee, is appropriately qualified as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the Listing
Rules.

Compensation Committee

Our compensation committee is in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules and the
Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules, except for the terms of
reference required by paragraph B.1.2 of the Corporate Governance Code. However, the charter of our
compensation committee complies with the rules of Nasdaq. The primary duties of the compensation
committee are to review and make recommendations to the Board of Directors with respect to director
compensation, evaluate the performance of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
and review and make recommendations to the Board regarding the terms of their compensation, and
review and approve the compensation of our other executive officers and senior management. The
compensation committee comprises Mr. Qingqing Yi, Mr. Ranjeev Krishana and Mr. Timothy Chen.
Mr. Qingqing Yi is the chairman of the committee.

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

Our nominating and corporate governance committee complies with the Corporate Governance
Code set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules, except for the terms of reference required by
paragraph A.5.2 of the Corporate Governance Code. However, the charter of our nominating and
corporate governance committee complies with the rules of the Nasdaq. The primary duties of the
nominating and corporate governance committee are among other things, to develop and recommend
to the Board criteria for board and committee membership, recommend to the Board the persons to be
nominated for election as Directors and to each of the Board’s committees, and develop and
recommend to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines. The nominating and corporate
governance committee comprises Mr. Donald W. Glazer and Mr. Michael Goller. Mr. Donald W. Glazer
is the chairman of the committee.

Corporate Governance Code

Pursuant to code provision A.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code, companies listed on the
Stock Exchange are expected to comply with, but may choose to deviate from the requirement that the
responsibilities between the chairman and the chief executive officer should be segregated and should
not be performed by the same individual. We do not have a separate chairman and chief executive
officer and Mr. John V. Oyler currently performs these two roles. Our Board believes that Mr. Oyler
is the Director best suited to identify strategic opportunities and focus of the Board due to his
extensive understanding of our business as a Co-Founder and our Chief Executive Officer. Our Board
also believes that
the combined role of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer can promote the
effective execution of strategic initiatives and facilitate the flow of information between management
and the Board. Our Board will continue to review and consider splitting the roles of chairman of our
Board and the chief executive officer of our Company at a time when it is appropriate by taking into
account the circumstances of our Group as a whole.

— 335 —

