RISK FACTORS

is not affected by the settlement. The settlement requires these firms to follow detailed procedures to
seek to provide the SEC with access to Chinese firms’ audit documents via the CSRC. If these firms
do not follow these procedures, the SEC could impose penalties such as suspensions, or it could restart
the administrative proceedings. The settlement did not require these firms to admit to any violation
of law and preserves these firms’ legal defenses in the event the administrative proceeding is restarted.
In the event that the SEC restarts the administrative proceedings, depending upon the final outcome,
listed companies in the United States with major PRC operations may find it difficult or impossible
to retain auditors in respect of their operations in the PRC, which could result in financial statements
being determined to not be in compliance with the requirements of the U.S. Exchange Act, including
possible delisting. Moreover, any negative news about the proceedings against these audit firms may
cause investor uncertainty regarding PRC-based, U.S.-listed companies and the market price of the
ADSs and/or ordinary shares may be adversely affected.

If our independent registered public accounting firm was denied, even temporarily, the ability to
practice before the SEC and we were unable to timely find another registered public accounting firm
to audit and issue an opinion on our financial statements, our financial statements could be determined
not to be in compliance with the requirements of the U.S. Exchange Act. Such a determination could
ultimately lead to deregistration from the SEC, which would substantially reduce or effectively
terminate the trading of the ADSs in the United States. Moreover, any negative news about
the
proceedings against these audit firms may adversely affect investor confidence in companies with
substantial mainland China-based operations listed in the United States. All these would materially
and adversely affect the market price of the ADSs and substantially reduce or effectively terminate the
trading of the ADSs in the United States, and the market price of the ordinary shares may be adversely
affected.

Risks Related to the Global Offering and the Dual Listing

An active trading market for the ordinary shares on the Stock Exchange might not develop or
be sustained, their trading prices might fluctuate significantly and the effectiveness of the
liquidity arrangements might be limited.

Following the completion of the Global Offering, we cannot assure you that an active trading
market for the ordinary shares on the Stock Exchange will develop or be sustained. In particular, the
Stock Exchange has only recently implanted changes to the Listing Rules to facilitate the listing of
biotech companies and investors in Hong Kong listed securities may not be as familiar with investing
in biotech companies as investors in other markets. If an active trading market of the ordinary shares
on the Stock Exchange does not develop or is not sustained after the Global Offering, the market price
and liquidity of the ordinary shares could be materially and adversely affected. As a result, the market
price for our ordinary shares in Hong Kong following the completion of the Global Offering might not
be indicative of our ADSs on the Nasdaq, even allowing for currency differences.

— 99 —

