RISK FACTORS

government authorities, we cannot assure you that we can always obtain relevant approvals for
sending scientific data (such as the results of our pre-clinical studies or clinical trials conducted within
China) abroad or to our foreign partners in China. If we are unable to obtain necessary approvals in
a timely manner, or at all, our research and development of drug candidates may be hindered, which
may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial conditions and
prospects. If the relevant government authorities consider the transmission of our scientific data to be
in violation of the requirements under the Scientific Data Measures, we may be subject to fines and
other administrative penalties imposed by those government authorities.

Risks Related to Our Industry, Business and Operations

Our future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and
motivate qualified personnel.

We are highly dependent on Xiaodong Wang, Ph.D., our Co-Founder, Chairman of our scientific
advisory board, which may from time to time provide us assistance upon our request, and director;
John V. Oyler, our Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board; and the other
principal members of our management and scientific teams. Although we have formal employment
agreements with each of our executive officers, these agreements do not prevent our executives from
terminating their employment with us at any time. We do not maintain “key person” insurance for any
of our executives or other employees. The loss of the services of any of these persons could impede
the achievement of our research, development and commercialization objectives.

To induce valuable employees to remain at our company,

in addition to salary and cash
incentives, we have provided share option, restricted share unit and restricted share grants that vest
over time. The value to employees of these equity grants that vest over time may be significantly
affected by movements in the ADS and/or ordinary share price that are beyond our control, and may
at any time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from other companies. Although we
have employment agreements with our key employees, any of our employees could leave our
employment at any time, with or without notice.

Recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, clinical, manufacturing and sales and marketing
to our success. In addition, we rely on consultants and advisors,
personnel will also be critical
to assist us in formulating our discovery, clinical
including scientific and clinical advisors,
development and commercialization strategy. The loss of the services of our executive officers or
other key employees and consultants could impede the achievement of our research, development and
commercialization objectives and seriously harm our ability to successfully implement our business
strategy.

Furthermore, replacing executive officers, key employees or consultants may be difficult and
may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with
the breadth of skills and experience required to successfully develop, gain regulatory approval of and
commercialize products. Competition to hire from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable
to hire, train, retain or motivate these key personnel or consultants on acceptable terms given the
competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for similar personnel.

— 81 —

