RISK FACTORS

Our projections of both the number of people who have the cancers we are targeting, as well as
the subset of people with these cancers in a position to receive later stage therapy and who have the
potential to benefit from treatment with our drug candidates, are based on our beliefs and estimates
and may prove to be inaccurate or based on imprecise data. Further, new studies may change the
estimated incidence or prevalence of these cancers. The number of patients may turn out to be lower
than expected. Additionally, the potentially addressable patient population for our drugs and drug
candidates may be limited or may not be amenable to treatment with our drugs and drug candidates.
Even if we obtain significant market share for our drug candidates, because the potential
target
populations are small, we may never achieve profitability without obtaining regulatory approval for
additional indications, including use as a first or second line therapy.

We may be subject, directly or indirectly, to applicable anti-kickback, false claims laws,
physician payment transparency laws, fraud and abuse laws or similar healthcare and security
laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions, which could expose us to
criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished
profits and future earnings.

Healthcare providers, physicians and others play a primary role in the recommendation and
prescription of any products for which we obtain regulatory approval. If we obtain FDA approval for
any of our drug candidates and begin commercializing those drugs in the United States, our operations
may be subject to various federal and state fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the
federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal False Claims Act, and physician payment sunshine laws and
regulations. These laws may impact, among other things, our proposed sales, marketing and education
programs. In addition, we may be subject to patient privacy regulation by both the federal government
and the states in which we conduct our business.

Additionally, we are subject to state and non-U.S. equivalents of each of the healthcare laws
described above, among others, some of which may be broader in scope and may apply to healthcare
services reimbursed by any source, not
including private insurers. In
addition, some states have passed laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the
April 2003 Office of
Inspector General Compliance Program Guidance for Pharmaceutical
Manufacturers and/or other voluntary industry codes of conduct. Several states also impose other
marketing restrictions or require pharmaceutical companies to make marketing or price disclosures to
the state. There are ambiguities as to what is required to comply with these state requirements, and
if we fail to comply with an applicable state law requirement we could be subject to penalties.

just governmental payors,

Violations of fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions,
including penalties, fines and/or exclusion or suspension from federal and state healthcare programs
such as Medicare and Medicaid and debarment from contracting with the U.S. government. In
addition, private individuals have the ability to bring actions on behalf of the U.S. government under
the federal False Claims Act as well as under the false claims laws of several states.

Neither the U.S. government nor the U.S. courts have provided definitive guidance on the
applicability of fraud and abuse laws to our business. Law enforcement authorities are increasingly
focused on enforcing these laws, and it is possible that some of our practices may be challenged under
these laws. Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with

— 58 —

