RISK FACTORS

•

•

•

•

•

disagreement with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials;

changes in approval policies or regulations that render our preclinical and clinical data
insufficient for approval or require us to amend our clinical trial protocols;

regulatory requests for additional analyses, reports, data, nonclinical studies and clinical
trials, or questions regarding interpretations of data and results and the emergence of new
information regarding our drug candidates or other products;

our failure to conduct a clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our
clinical trial protocols; and

clinical sites, investigators or other participants in our clinical trials deviating from a trial
protocol, failing to conduct
in accordance with regulatory requirements, or
dropping out of a trial.

the trial

The FDA, CDA, EMA or a comparable regulatory authority may require more information,
including additional preclinical or clinical data, to support approval, which may delay or prevent
approval and our commercialization plans, or we may decide to abandon the development program.

trial protocols submitted to applicable regulatory authorities to reflect

Changes in regulatory requirements and guidance may also occur, and we may need to amend
clinical
these changes.
Amendments may require us to resubmit clinical trial protocols to IRBs or ethics committees for
re-examination, which may impact the costs, timing or successful completion of a clinical trial.

If we experience delays in the completion of, or the termination of, a clinical trial of any of our
drug candidates, the commercial prospects of that drug candidate will be harmed, and our ability to
generate product sales revenues from any of those drug candidates will be delayed. In addition, any
delays in completing our clinical
increase our costs, slow down our drug candidate
development and approval process, and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate
related revenues for that candidate. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial
condition and prospects significantly. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay
in the commencement or completion of clinical
trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of
regulatory approval of our drug candidates.

trials will

We believe that our drug candidates’ designation in China as Category 1 products should confer
certain regulatory advantages on us. These advantages may not result in commercial benefits to
us as we expect, and they might be changed in the future in a manner adverse to us.

In China, prior to seeking approval from the CDA, a pharmaceutical company needs to determine
trial and
the drug’s registration category, which will determine the requirements for its clinical
marketing application. These categories range from Category 1, for drugs incorporating a new
chemical entity that has not previously been marketed anywhere in the world, to Category 2, for drugs
with new indications, dosage forms or routes of administration and the like, to Categories 3 and 4, for
certain generic drugs, to Category 5, for “originator” (what would be known elsewhere as innovative)

— 46 —

