REGULATIONS

Government Regulation

Government authorities in the United States at the federal, state and local level and in other
countries extensively regulate, among other things, the research and clinical development, testing,
manufacture, quality control, approval,
labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion,
advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing, pricing and export and
import of drugs such as those we are developing and commercializing. Generally, before a new drug
can be marketed, considerable data demonstrating its quality, safety and efficacy must be obtained,
organized into a format specific to each regulatory authority, submitted for review and approved by
the regulatory authority.

U.S. Regulation

U.S. Government Regulation and Product Approval

In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act,
its implementing

or FDCA, and its implementing regulations, and biologics under the FDCA,
regulations, and the Public Health Service Act, or PHSA, and its implementing regulations.

Cancer therapies are sometimes characterized as first line, second line or third line, and the FDA
often approves new therapies initially only for third line use. When cancer is detected early enough,
first line therapy is sometimes adequate to cure the cancer or prolong life without a cure. Whenever
first line therapy, usually chemotherapy, hormone therapy, surgery or a combination of these, proves
unsuccessful, second line therapy may be administered. Second line therapies often consist of more
chemotherapy, radiation, antibody drugs, tumor targeted small molecule drugs or a combination of
these. Third line therapies can include bone marrow transplantation, antibody and small molecule
targeted therapies, more invasive forms of surgery and new technologies.

U.S. Drug Development Process

The process required by the FDA before a drug or biologic may be marketed in the United States

generally involves the following:

•

•

•

•

completion of preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies according
to Good Laboratory Practices, or GLP, regulations;

submission to the FDA of an investigational new drug, or IND, application, which must
become effective before human clinical trials may begin;

performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials according to GCP, to
establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug or safety, purity and potency of the
proposed biologic for the intended use;

preparation and submission to the FDA of an NDA for a drug or a BLA for a biologic;

— 166 —

