RISK FACTORS

Anti-takeover provisions in our constitutional documents may discourage our acquisition by a
third party, which could limit our shareholders’ opportunity to sell their shares at a premium.

Our Articles of Association include provisions that could limit the ability of others to acquire
control of our company, could modify our structure or could cause us to engage in change-of-control
transactions. These provisions could have the effect of depriving our shareholders of an opportunity
to sell their shares at a premium over prevailing market prices by discouraging third parties from
seeking to obtain control in a tender offer or similar transaction.

For example, our Board has the authority, without further action by our shareholders, to issue
preferred shares in one or more series and to fix the powers and rights of these shares, including
dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption and liquidation preferences, any
or all of which may be greater than the rights associated with our ordinary shares. Preferred shares
could thus be issued quickly with terms calculated to delay or prevent a change in control or make
removal of management more difficult. In addition, if our Board authorizes the issuance of preferred
shares, the market price of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs may fall and the voting and other rights
of the holders of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs may be materially and adversely affected.

Because our Directors are divided into three classes with staggered terms of three years each,
shareholders can only elect or remove a limited number of our Directors in any given year. The length
of these terms could present an obstacle to certain actions, such as a merger or other change of control,
which could be in the interest of our shareholders.

Our Articles of Association provide that any shareholder bringing an unsuccessful action
against us may be obligated to reimburse us for any costs we have incurred in connection with
such unsuccessful action.

Our Articles of Association provide that under certain circumstances the fees, costs and expenses
that we incur in connection with actions or proceedings brought by any person or entity, which we
refer to as claiming parties, may be shifted to such person or entity. If a claiming party asserts any
claim; initiates any proceeding; or joins, offers substantial assistance to, or has a direct financial
interest in any claim or proceeding against us, and such claiming party or the third party that received
substantial assistance from the claiming party or in whole claim the claiming party had a direct
financial interest is unsuccessful in obtaining a judgment on the merits in which the claiming party
prevails,
then such claiming party shall (to the fullest extent permitted by law) be obligated to
reimburse us for all fees, costs and expenses, including but not limited to all reasonable attorneys’ fees
and other litigation expenses, that we may incur in connection with such claim or proceeding.

— 105 —

