INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

Expanding reimbursement coverage: The latest version of the national reimbursement drug list,
or the NRDL, issued in February 2017, or NRDL 2017, expanded the reimbursement for cancer drugs
by adding 14 additional cancer drugs, which increased the total number of cancer drugs in the List A
and B catalogues of the NRDL to 30 and 81, respectively. For further details of the reimbursement
scheme in China, please see the below section “Medical Insurance in China.” Some commonly
prescribed cancer drugs in the Chinese market, such as paclitaxel, were also moved from the List B
catalogue to the List A catalogue. The List A catalogue drugs are fully reimbursed, and the List B
catalogue drugs require a 10% to 30% co-payment from patients. In addition, 36 innovative, patented
drugs were incorporated into the List B catalogue after price negotiation, of which half were cancer
drugs. Prices of these drugs were reduced by 44% on average. Inclusion into NRDL 2017 significantly
reduces the out-of-pocket costs of these drugs for patients in China. In addition, provincial-level
reimbursement is also expanding. Twenty provinces have released updated reimbursement lists, and
some provinces have expanded the reimbursement
to more drugs than those in the NRDL. For
example, Zhejiang province added a list of premium drugs to its critical illness insurance program,
such as TAGRISSO威, SUTENT威, ABRAXANE威 and ZELBORAF威.

Increasing urbanization rate and patients’ ability to pay: Due to the rapid economic development
of China and the influx of migrants from rural to urban areas, the urban population in China is
expected to increase from 793 million in 2016 to 992 million in 2030, accounting for 57.3% and 68.0%
of the total population, respectively. The median per capita disposable income of urban residents is
significantly higher than that of the rural residents, which provides this growing urban population with
a greater ability to pay for better healthcare and more-effective, higher-priced drugs.

Medical Insurance in China

The medical insurance schemes provided by the PRC government, including urban and rural
medical insurance, are the largest payors of pharmaceutical expenditures in China. The NRDL sets out
the framework for reimbursement of drugs for people covered by the urban employee and resident
basic medical insurance schemes. It is managed by the Ministry of Human Resources and Social
Security, or MoHRSS. The Provincial Reimbursement Drug List, or the PRDL, is overseen by the
Provincial Bureau of Health Resources and Social Security, or PBoHRSS, in each province. The
NRDL establishes coverage at the national level and consists of two drug catalogues, the List A
catalogue and the List B catalogue. The List A catalogue typically includes low-priced and clinically
necessary drugs that are fully reimbursed and the List B catalogue typically includes higher-priced or
new drugs that generally require a 10% to 30% co-payment from patients. Criteria for a drug to be
included in the List A Catalogue include clinical necessity, safety and efficacy, significant effect of
treatment and reasonableness of price. Criteria for a drug to be included in the List B Catalogue
include provision of more clinical options, good treatment effect and higher price than the drug in the
same class included in the List A Catalogue. Inclusion into the NRDL typically results in a much
higher sales volume and a significant sales growth despite a reduction in the price.

The MoHRSS sets the negotiated drug price for the country, but

the PBoHRSS sets the
reimbursement ratio. NRDL drugs are not reimbursed until the reimbursement ratio is established.
PRDLs cannot change the price negotiated by the MoHRSS for “premium-priced” drugs and must list
those approved by the NRDL. For other drugs on the List B catalogue, provinces may conduct an
independent price evaluation. Drugs can be listed on the PRDLs before they are included on the

— 153 —

