APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF THE CONSTITUTION OF THE
COMPANY AND CAYMAN COMPANIES LAW

•

the transfer is not to more than four joint holders.

If our directors refuse to register a transfer, they are required, within three months after the date
on which the instrument of transfer was lodged, to send to each of the transferor and the transferee
notice of such refusal.

Calls on Ordinary Shares and Forfeiture of Ordinary Shares

Our Board may from time to time make calls upon shareholders for any amounts unpaid on their
ordinary shares. The ordinary shares that have been called upon and remain unpaid are subject to
forfeiture by the company. In addition, the holders of partly paid ordinary shares will have no right
pursuant to the Companies Law to dividends nor will they be able to redeem their shares.

Redemption, Repurchase and Surrender of Ordinary Shares

We may issue shares on terms that such shares are subject to redemption, at our option or at the
option of the holders thereof, on such terms and in such manner as may be determined by our Board.
Our company may also repurchase any of our shares provided that the manner and terms of such
purchase have been approved by our Board or by ordinary resolution of our shareholders (but no
repurchase may be made contrary to the terms or manner recommended by our directors), or as
otherwise authorised by our Articles. Under the Companies Law, the redemption or repurchase of any
share may be paid out of our company’s profits or out of the proceeds of a new issue of shares made
for the purpose of such redemption or repurchase, or out of capital (including share premium account
and capital redemption reserve) if our company can, immediately following the date on which such
payment is proposed to be made by the Company, pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course
of business. In addition, under the Companies Law no such share may be redeemed or repurchased (1)
unless it is fully paid up, (2) if such redemption or repurchase would result in there being no shares
outstanding or (3) if the company has commenced liquidation. In addition, our company may accept
the surrender of any fully paid share for no consideration.

Variations of Rights of Shares

If at any time our share capital is divided into different classes of shares, all or any of the rights
attached to any class of shares may be varied with the consent in writing of the holders of not less than
two-thirds of the shares of that class or with the sanction of a special resolution passed at a general
meeting of the holders of the shares of that class. The rights conferred upon the holders of the shares
of any class issued with preferred or other rights will not, unless otherwise expressly provided by the
terms of issue of the shares of that class, be deemed to be varied by the creation or issue of further
shares ranking pari passu with such existing class of shares.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, our Board may issue preferred shares, without further action by

the shareholders.

— III-3 —

