SUMMARY

Share-based Compensation

Under US GAAP, we have elected to recognize compensation expense using the straight line
method for all employee equity awards granted with graded vesting based on service conditions;
provided that the amount of compensation cost recognized at any date is at least equal to the portion
of the grant date value of the options that are vested at that date.

Under IFRSs, the accelerated method is required to recognize compensation expense for all
employee equity awards granted with graded vesting. Hence additional share based compensation
expense and deferred tax asset arising therefrom are required to be recognised under IFRS.

Preferred Shares

The convertible preferred shares issued by the Company had been converted into the ordinary
shares of the Company upon the listing of the ordinary shares of the Company on Nasdaq in February
2016.

Under US GAAP, the convertible preferred shares issued by the Company were classified as
mezzanine equity as such preferred shares were redeemable upon the occurrence of a conditional
event. The conversion options and contingent redemption options of such preferred shares did not
qualify for bifurcation accounting. No beneficial conversion features were recognized for such
preferred shares as the fair values per ordinary share at the respective commitment dates were less than
the most favorable conversion prices. We concluded that the preferred shares were not redeemable
currently, and it was not probable that the preferred shares would become redeemable because the
likelihood of the liquidation transaction was remote. Therefore, no adjustment would be made to the
initial carrying amount of the preferred shares until
they would become
redeemable.

it was probable that

Under IFRSs, certain redemption triggering events of the preferred shares were outside the
control of the ordinary shareholders of the Company. In addition, the holders of the preferred shares
were entitled to convert the preferred shares into a variable number of the Company’s ordinary shares
upon the occurrence of certain anti-dilution events. Accordingly, the preferred shares were regarded
as hybrid instruments consisting of a host debt instrument and a conversion option as a derivative. We
designated the entire preferred shares as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss such
that the preferred shares were initially recognized at fair value with all subsequent changes in fair
value prior to its conversion recognized in the income statement, because we considered that the fair
value of preferred shares attributed to change in credit risks were not significant.

Tax Benefit/Deficiency on Share-based Compensation

Under US GAAP, deferred taxes are calculated based on the cumulative share-based
compensation expense recognized in the income statement, and ASC 2016-09 requires all excess tax
benefits and tax deficiencies to be recorded as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement,
rather than in shareholders’ equity.

— 14 —

