APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Accounting for Preferred Shares

the Preferred Shares have a liquidation preference and will not

The Preferred Shares are classified as mezzanine equity as these convertible preferred shares are
redeemable upon the occurrence of a conditional event (i.e. a Liquidation Transaction). The holders
of
receive the same form of
consideration upon the occurrence of the conditional event as the holders of the ordinary shares would.
The initial carrying amount of the Series A Preferred Shares of US$78,809,000 is the issue price at
the date of issuance of US$78,889,000 net of issuance costs of US$80,000. The initial carrying amount
of the Series A-2 Preferred Shares of US$97,275,000 is the issue price at the date of issuance of
US$97,350,000 net of issuance costs of US$75,000. The holders of the Preferred Shares have the
ability to convert the instrument into the Company’s ordinary shares. The conversion option of the
convertible preferred shares do not qualify for bifurcation accounting because the conversion option
is clearly and closely related to the host instrument and the underlying ordinary shares are not publicly
traded nor readily convertible into cash. The contingent redemption options of the convertible
preferred shares do not qualify for bifurcation accounting because the underlying ordinary shares are
neither publicly traded nor readily convertible into cash. There are no other embedded derivatives that
are required to be bifurcated.

Beneficial conversion features exist when the conversion price of the convertible preferred
shares is lower than the fair value of the ordinary shares at the commitment date, which is the issuance
date in the Company’s case. When a beneficial conversion feature exists as of the commitment date,
its intrinsic value is bifurcated from the carrying value of the convertible preferred shares as a
contribution to additional paid-in capital. On the commitment date of Series A Preferred Shares and
Series A-2 Preferred Shares, the most favorable conversion price used to measure the beneficial
conversion feature were US$0.68 and US$1.17, respectively. No beneficial conversion feature was
recognized for the Series A Preferred Shares and Series A-2 Preferred Shares as the fair value per
ordinary share at the commitment date were US$0.28 and US$0.47, respectively, which was less than
the most favorable conversion price. The Company determined the fair value of ordinary shares with
the assistance of an independent third party valuation firm.

The Company concluded that the Preferred Shares are not redeemable currently, and is not
probable that the Preferred Shares will become redeemable because the likelihood of a Liquidation
Transaction is remote. Therefore, no adjustment will be made to the initial carrying amount of the
Preferred Shares until it is probable that they will become redeemable. The liquidation preference
amount was US$204,375,000 as of December 31, 2015.

Upon completion of

the US IPO, all outstanding preferred shares were converted into
199,990,641 ordinary shares and the related carrying value of US$176,084,000 was reclassified from
mezzanine equity to shareholders’ equity. Hence the balance of Preferred Shares became nil as at
December 31, 2016.

— I-78 —

