WAIVERS FROM COMPLIANCE WITH THE LISTING RULES AND EXEMPTIONS FROM

THE COMPANIES (WINDING UP AND MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS) ORDINANCE

Pursuant

to guidance letter HKEX-GL32-12 issued by the Stock Exchange (“GL32-12”),
acquisitions of business include acquisitions of associates and any equity interest in another company.
Pursuant to GL32-12, the Stock Exchange may consider granting a waiver of the requirements under
Rules 4.04(2) and 4.04(4) of the Listing Rules on a case-by-case basis, and having regard to all
relevant facts and circumstances. The Stock Exchange will ordinarily grant a waiver in relation to
acquisitions of a business or subsidiary subject to the following conditions: (i) the percentage ratio (as
defined under Rule 14.04(9) of the Listing Rules) of the acquired or to be acquired business or
subsidiary are all less than 5% by reference to the most recent financial year of the applicant’s trading
record period; (ii) the historical financial information of the acquired or to be acquired business or
subsidiary is not available or would be unduly burdensome to obtain or prepare; and (c) the listing
document should include at least the information that would be required for a disclosable transaction
under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules on each acquisition.

Acquisition of Company X

A subsidiary of our Company is contemplating to purchase all of the outstanding equity of
Company X (the “Proposed Acquisition 1”) for a cash consideration of approximately RMB 264.8
million. The primary asset of Company X is a property (the “Property”) primarily used for office,
laboratory and manufacturing purposes. The consideration is based on arm’s length negotiations
between Company X and the Group taking into account a number of factors including the value of the
Property. The Group intends to use its internal resources to satisfy the cash consideration. The
purchase is expected to close in the second half of 2018, and the consideration shall be paid in cash
upon various stages of closing. Through the Proposed Acquisition 1, the Company expects to benefit
from the ownership and use of the Property on an ongoing basis for its expanding operations. To the
best of the Directors’ knowledge,
information and belief, having made all reasonable enquiries,
Company X and its ultimate beneficial owners are third parties independent from the Company and
its connected persons.

The Directors believe that the terms of the Proposed Acquisition 1 are fair and reasonable and
in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole. To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information
and belief, having made all reasonable enquiries, Company X and its ultimate beneficial owners are
third parties independent from the Company and its connected persons.

Acquisition of Company Y

On July 25, 2018, a subsidiary of our Company had entered into a share purchase agreement with
all shareholders of Company Y to purchase all of the outstanding equity of Company Y (the “Proposed
Acquisition 2”) for a cash consideration of RMB 3.8 million. Company Y is engaged in the
pharmaceutical business. The consideration is based on arm’s length negotiations between Company
Y and the Group taking into account a number of factors including the value of Company Y’s assets.
The Group intends to use its internal resources to satisfy the cash consideration. The purchase is
expected to close in the second half of 2018, and the consideration shall be paid in cash upon various
stages of closing. Through the Proposed Acquisition 2, the Company expects to benefit from the assets

— 128 —

