BUSINESS

In 2017, the patient share for REVLIMID威 in second-line MM in the top 30 hospitals in China
rose from an estimated 36% to 47%. REVLIMID威 achieved national reimbursement drug listing
through a successful price negotiation with the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security in
June 2017.

VIDAZA威

VIDAZA威 (azacitidine for injection) is a pyrimidine nucleoside analog that has been shown to
reverse the effects of DNA hypermethylation and promote subsequent gene re-expression. VIDAZA
was approved in China in April 2017 for the treatment of intermediate-2 and high-risk myelodysplastic
syndromes, or MDS, chronic myelomonocyte leukemia, or CMML, and acute myeloid leukemia, or
AML, with 20% to 30% blasts and multi-lineage dysplasia. In January 2018, VIDAZA威 became
commercially available in China.

MDS are a group of cancers in which immature blood cells in the bone marrow do not mature
and therefore do not become healthy blood cells. Approximately seven per 100,000 people are affected
with approximately four per 100,000 people newly acquiring the condition each year globally
according to Germing et al., 2013. The typical age of onset
is 70 years. The higher-risk MDS
(intermediate-2 and high-risk MDS) is fatal because the median overall survival rate is only 0.4-1.1
years and nearly 30% of
to AML, according to the U.S. National
Comprehensive Cancer network, or NCCN, MDS guideline 2013 and MDS Foundation. DNA
methylation is
aberrant DNA
hypermethylation can result in gene silencing. Silencing of tumor suppressor genes promotes cancer
development and progression. MDS patients display aberrant DNA methylation of thousands of genes,
which increases with advanced disease and is a poor prognostic factor.

an important mechanism of

these patients progress

epigenetic gene

regulation, but

In China,

the main treatments for intermediate-2 and high-risk MDS are conventional care
low-dose cytarabine and intensive chemotherapy), and
regimen, or CCR (best supportive care,
hypomethylating agents, or HMAs. DACOGEN威 (decitabine) marketed by Johnson and Johnson was
the first HMA agent approved in China in 2009. In the past several years, at least six decitabine
generics have become available. In 2017, decitabine was listed in the NRDL. Nevertheless, there are
still over 50% of higher-risk MDS patients treated by CCR and the unmet need remains large.

VIDAZA威 is the only approved HMA shown to prolong survival for patients with MDS. Besides
reversing the effects of DNA hypermethylation, VIDAZA威 inhibits protein synthesis via RNA
incorporation. VIDAZA威 is a Category 1 recommended treatment for patients with intermediate-2 and
high-risk MDS, according to the U.S. NCCN guideline. It is also a first-line recommended treatment
for patients with intermediate-2 and high-risk MDS, according to the Chinese MDS treatment
guidelines.

Our Preclinical Programs

We have a proprietary cancer biology platform that has also allowed us to develop our
clinical-stage drug candidates and several additional preclinical-stage drug candidates in potentially
important areas. These currently consist of targeted therapies and immuno-oncology agents, including
an additional RAF dimer inhibitor and a BTK inhibitor for non-oncology indications. We anticipate

— 236 —

