RISK FACTORS

Also,

the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents,

restricted cash and short-term
investments represent
the maximum amount of loss due to credit risk. We had cash and cash
equivalents of US$490.6 million, US$239.6 million and US$87.5 million, restricted cash of US$17.5
million, nil and nil and short-term investments of US$973.4 million, US$597.9 million and US$280.7
million at March 31, 2018, December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, most of which are deposited
in financial
institutions outside of China. Although our cash and cash equivalents in China are
deposited with various major reputable financial institutions, the deposits placed with these financial
institutions are not protected by statutory or commercial insurance. In the event of bankruptcy of one
of these financial institutions, we may be unlikely to claim our deposits back in full. As of March 31,
2018 and December 31, 2017, our short-term investments consisted primarily of U.S. Treasury
securities, U.S. agency securities and time deposits. Although we believe that the U.S. Treasury
securities, U.S. agency securities and time deposits are of high credit quality and continually monitor
the credit worthiness of these institutions, concerns about, or a default by, one institution in the U.S.
market, could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions, which in
turn could adversely affect us.

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property

If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our drug candidates through
intellectual property rights, or if the scope of such intellectual property rights obtained is not
sufficiently broad, third parties may compete directly against us.

Our success depends in large part on our ability to protect our proprietary technology and drug
candidates from competition by obtaining, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights,
including patent rights. We seek to protect the drug candidates and technology that we consider
commercially important by filing patent applications in the United States,
the PRC and other
countries,
regulatory protection or employing a
combination of these methods. This process is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able
to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely
manner. It
to identify patentable aspects of our research and
development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection.

relying on trade secrets or pharmaceutical

is also possible that we will fail

The patent prosecution process is expensive, time-consuming and complex, and we may not be
able to file, prosecute, maintain, enforce or license all necessary or desirable patent applications at a
reasonable cost or in a timely manner. As a result, we may not be able to prevent competitors from
developing and commercializing competitive drugs in all such fields and territories.

Patents may be invalidated and patent applications may not be granted for a number of reasons,
including known or unknown prior art, deficiencies in the patent application or the lack of novelty of
the underlying invention or technology. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable
aspects of our research and development output in time to obtain patent protection. Although we enter
into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to confidential or
patentable aspects of our
research and development output, such as our employees, corporate
collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and any
other third parties, any of these parties may breach such agreements and disclose such output before
a patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our ability to seek patent protection. In addition,

— 65 —

