INFORMATION ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS AND THE GLOBAL OFFERING

the Depositary’s Custodian. If the Shares have been deposited with CCASS, the investor
must transfer the Shares to the Depositary’s account with the Depositary’s Custodian within
CCASS by following the CCASS procedures for transfer and submit and deliver a the duly
completed and signed conversion form to the Depositary.

2.

Upon payment of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes or
stock transfer taxes or fees, the Depositary will issue the corresponding number of ADSs
in the name(s) requested by an investor and will deliver the ADSs to the designated DTC
account of the person(s) designated by an investor.

Note: Under normal circumstances, step(1) to (2) generally require two business days for Shares deposited in CCASS,

or 14 business days, or more, as necessary for Shares held outside CCASS in physical form, to complete.

If an investor who holds ADSs wishes to trade Shares on the Stock Exchange, he must withdraw
Shares from the ADS program and cause his broker or other financial institution to trade such Shares
on the Stock Exchange. A withdrawal of Shares from the ADS program involves the following
procedures:

1.

2.

To withdraw Shares from the ADS program, an investor who holds ADSs may turn in such
ADSs at the office of the Depositary (and the applicable ADR(s) if the ADSs are held in
certificated form), and send an instruction to cancel such ADSs to the Depositary. An
investor has the right to cancel ADSs and withdraw the underlying Shares at any time
except when temporary delays arise because the Depositary has closed its transfer books in
connection with voting at a Shareholders’ meeting or the payment of dividends; when the
investor or other ADS holders seeking to withdraw Shares owe money to pay fees, taxes and
similar charges; when it is necessary to prohibit withdrawals in order to comply with any
laws or governmental regulations that apply to ADSs or to the withdrawal of Shares or other
deposited securities; or at any other times when the Depositary or we consider it advisable.

Upon payment or net of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp
taxes or stock transfer taxes or fees, the Depositary will instruct the Depositary’s Custodian
to deliver the Shares underlying the cancelled ADSs to the CCASS account designated by
the investor and any other deposited securities underlying the cancelled ADSs to or for the
account of such investor. Regarding deposited property, other than Shares, which underlie
ADSs, our Company currently has no plans to distribute any such property or cause such
property to be deposited into the ADS program. The Deposit Agreement, however, contains
provisions to address any such distribution in case it should arise. In summary, the Deposit
Agreement provides that the Depositary will send to ADS holders any such property our
Company distributes on deposited Shares by any means it thinks is lawful and reasonably
practicable. If it cannot make the distribution in that way, the Depositary shall endeavor to
sell what our Company distributed and distribute the net proceeds. If it is unable to sell such
property, the Depositary may dispose of such property in any way it deems reasonably
practicable under the circumstances for nominal or no consideration and the investors shall
have no rights thereto or arising therefrom. The Depositary is not required to distribute any
property to ADS holders unless it receives satisfactory evidence from our Company that it

— 137 —

