RISK FACTORS

Currently, we maintain insurance coverage against damage to our property and equipment
in amounts we believe are reasonable. However, our insurance coverage may not reimburse us,
or may not be sufficient to reimburse us, for any expenses or losses we may suffer. We may
be unable to meet our requirements for our drug candidates and drugs if there were a
catastrophic event or failure of our manufacturing facilities or processes.

Fluctuations in exchange rates could result in foreign currency exchange losses and could
materially reduce the value of your investment.

The change in the value of RMB against the Hong Kong dollar and other currencies may
fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in China’s political and economic
conditions and China’s foreign exchange policies. From 1995 until July 2005, the conversion
of the RMB into foreign currencies in China, including the Hong Kong dollar and U.S. dollar,
has been based on fixed rates set by the People’s Bank of China, or PBOC. The PRC
government, however, has, with effect from July 21, 2005, reformed the exchange rate regime
by moving into a managed floating exchange regime based on market supply and demand with
reference to a basket of currencies. On June 19, 2010, the PBOC announced that it intends to
further reform the RMB exchange rate regime by enhancing the flexibility of the RMB
exchange rate. Following this announcement, the RMB had appreciated from approximately
RMB6.83 per U.S. dollar to RMB6.21 per U.S. Dollar as of June 15, 2015. On August 11, 2015,
the PBOC further enlarged the floating band for trading prices in the inter-bank spot exchange
market of RMB against the U.S. dollar to 2.0% around the closing price in the previous trading
session, and RMB depreciated against the U.S. dollar by approximately 1.62% as compared to
the previous day, and further depreciated nearly 1.0% on the next day. On November 30, 2015,
the Executive Board of the International Monetary Fund completed the regular five-year
review of the basket of currencies that make up the Special Drawing Right and decided that
with effect from October 1, 2016, RMB is determined to be a freely usable currency and will
be included in the Special Drawing Right basket as a fifth currency, along with the U.S. dollar,
the Euro,
the Japanese yen and the British pound. With the development of the foreign
exchange market
and RMB
internationalisation, the PRC government may in the future announce further changes to the
exchange rate system and we cannot assure you that the RMB will not appreciate or depreciate
significantly in value against the Hong Kong dollar or the U.S. dollar in the future.

liberalisation

towards

and

progress

interest

rate

Substantially all of our costs are denominated in RMB and most of our financial assets
are also denominated in RMB. We rely entirely on dividends and other fees paid to us by our
PRC subsidiary. Our proceeds from the Global Offering will be denominated in Hong Kong
dollars. Any significant change in the exchange rates of the Hong Kong dollar against RMB
may materially and adversely affect the value of and any dividends payable on, our Shares in
Hong Kong dollars. For example, a further appreciation of RMB against the Hong Kong dollar
would make any new RMB-denominated investments or expenditures more costly to us, to the
extent that we need to convert Hong Kong dollars into RMB for such purposes. An appreciation
of RMB against the Hong Kong dollar would also result in foreign currency translation losses
for financial reporting purposes when we translate our Hong Kong dollar denominated
financial assets into RMB. Conversely, if we decide to convert our RMB into Hong Kong

– 104 –

