INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

OVERVIEW OF CHINA’S BIOSIMILARS MARKET

Under the Biosimilars Guideline, a biosimilar product is a biological product that is
approved based on a showing that it is highly similar to an NMPA-approved biological product,
known as a reference product, and has no clinically meaningful differences in terms of safety
and effectiveness from the reference product. Biologics are generally more expensive than
chemical drugs. There are currently only three drugs approved in China that some regard as
biosimilars, namely Yisaipu, Qiangke and Anbainuo, all of which are regarded by some as
biosimilars to Enbrel and all of which were approved under China’s new drug regulatory
pathway prior to the release of the Biosimilars Guideline. In addition, because the regulatory
pathways for biosimilars were established recently, and there have been no biosimilars
approved under such pathways in China yet, even though there are some drug candidates with
NDAs submitted under such pathways, biosimilars have not been a big part of the overall
biologics market
regulatory pathways for
biosimilars, increasing control of healthcare costs, better manufacturing capabilities, and a
large number of blockbuster biologics with near-term and medium-term patent expiration,
biosimilars will become a key driver of future biologics market growth.

in China. With the recent establishment of

Estimated Growth of China’s Biosimilar Market

The Company’s industry consultant, Frost & Sullivan, estimates a CAGR of 70.9% for the
growth of China’s biosimilar market from 2017 to 2022 and a CAGR of 16.8% from 2022 to
2030 and substantiates the estimated growth of China’s biosimilar market with the following
considerations.

Historical developments of China’s biosimilar market

Frost & Sullivan substantiates the estimated growth of China’s biosimilar market based
on its understanding that the Chinese regulations on biosimilar drugs lag far behind those of
the developed countries, such as the U.S. and the European Union, which promulgated
biosimilar guidelines in 2010 and 2005, respectively. However, as early as 2005, Yisaipu (益
賽普), which some regard as the biosimilar to Etanercept (Brand Name: Enbrel) given that it
has the same amino acid sequence as Enbrel and is highly similar to Enbrel based on extensive
analysis of its structure and function, was approved by the NMPA. Since then and prior to the
release of the Biosimilars Guideline, there had been two other drugs approved by the NMPA
that some regard as biosimilars also to Enbrel given their same amino acid sequences as Enbrel
and their high degree of similarity to Enbrel in structure and function evidenced by extensive
analysis. These events in the evolution of China’s biosimilar market demonstrated the
continuous efforts on biosimilar development by Chinese companies, despite a lack of formal
biosimilar regulations to clearly define biosimilars in China before 2015, when the NMPA
published the Biosimilars Guideline.

– 161 –

