RISK FACTORS

Any delay or interruption in the provision of clinical trial supplies could delay the completion
of clinical trials, increase the costs associated with maintaining clinical trial programs and,
depending upon the period of delay, require us to begin new clinical trials at additional expense
or terminate clinical trials completely.

RISKS RELATING TO OUR OPERATIONS

Our future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and
motivate qualified personnel.

We are highly dependent on Dr. De-Chao Michael Yu, our co-founder, Chairman of the
Board and Chief Executive Officer; and the other principal members of our management and
scientific teams. Although we have formal employment agreements with each of our executive
officers, these agreements do not prevent our executives from terminating their employment
with us at any time. We do not maintain “key person” insurance for any of our executives or
other employees. The loss of the services of any of these persons could impede the achievement
of our research, development and commercialization objectives.

To induce valuable employees to remain at our Company, in addition to salary and cash
incentives, we have provided share-based compensation that vest over time. The value to
employees of these equity grants that vest over time may be significantly affected by
movements in the market price of our Shares that are beyond our control, and may at any time
be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from other companies. Although we have
employment agreements with our key employees, any of our employees could leave our
employment.

Recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, clinical, manufacturing and sales and
marketing personnel will also be critical to our success. In addition, we rely on consultants and
advisers, including scientific and clinical advisers, to assist us in formulating our discovery,
clinical development and commercialization strategy. The loss of the services of our executive
officers or other key employees and consultants could impede the achievement of our research,
development and commercialization objectives and seriously harm our ability to successfully
implement our business strategy.

Furthermore, replacing executive officers, key employees or consultants may be difficult
and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our
industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to successfully develop, gain
regulatory approval of and commercialize products like those we develop. Competition to hire
from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these
key personnel or consultants on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous
pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for similar personnel.

We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from
universities and research institutions. Our consultants and advisers may be employed by
employers other than us and may have commitments under consulting or advisory contracts
with other entities that may limit their availability to us. If we are unable to continue to attract
and retain high quality personnel, our ability to pursue our growth strategy will be limited.

– 96 –

