HISTORY, DEVELOPMENT AND CORPORATE STRUCTURE

3.

4.

5.

6.

These refer to all Pre-IPO Investors excluding Onshore Pre-IPO Investors (as defined in the paragraph headed
“– Corporate Reorganization”).

Of the 90,100,040 Shares held by Great Biono Fortune LP, Dr. De-Chao Michael Yu is beneficially interested
in 59,511,000 Shares and Mr. Ronald Hao Xi Ede is beneficially interested in 9,539,040 Shares, in their
capacity as limited partners of Great Biono Fortune LP. The beneficial interest in the remaining 21,050,000
Shares held by Great Biono Fortune LP is held by 10 individual employees of the Company in their capacity
as limited partners, including Dr. Qinwei Zhou, our Chief Operation Officer, who is beneficially interested in
5,000,000 of these remaining Shares.

These are the Onshore Pre-IPO Investors (as defined in the paragraph headed “– Corporate Reorganization”).

These interests (calculated on the basis of the mid-point of the indicative Offer Price range set out in this
prospectus) are held by certain of our existing shareholders or their affiliates, namely Seacliff (Cayman) Ltd.,
Dwyer (Cayman) Ltd., Cormorant Asset Management, LP, LAV Biosciences Fund IV, L.P., Rock Springs
Capital Master Fund LP and Elbrus Investments Pte. Ltd., which have entered into cornerstone investment
agreements to subscribe for
the Company’s shares. For more details, please see the section headed
“Cornerstone Investors” in this prospectus.

PRC LEGAL COMPLIANCE

M&A Rules

(the “M&A Rules”)

According to the Regulations on Merger with and Acquisition of Domestic Enterprises by
Foreign Investors (《關於國外投資者併購境內企業的規定》)
jointly
issued by the MOFCOM, the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission
of the State Council, the SAT, the CSRC, SAIC and the SAFE on August 8, 2006, effective as
of September 8, 2006 and amended on June 22, 2009, a foreign investor is required to obtain
necessary approvals when it (i) acquires the equity of a domestic enterprise so as to convert the
domestic enterprise into a foreign-invested enterprise; (ii) subscribes the increased capital of
a domestic enterprise so as to convert
the domestic enterprise into a foreign-invested
enterprise; (iii) establishes a foreign-invested enterprise through which it purchases the assets
of a domestic enterprise and operates these assets; or (iv) purchases the assets of a domestic
enterprise, and then invests such assets to establish a foreign invested enterprise. The M&A
Rules, among other things, further purport to require that an offshore special vehicle, or a
special purpose vehicle, formed for listing purposes and controlled directly or indirectly by
PRC companies or individuals, shall obtain the approval of the CSRC prior to the listing and
trading of such special purpose vehicle’s securities on an overseas stock exchange, especially
in the event that the special purpose vehicle acquires shares of or equity interests in the PRC
companies in exchange for the shares of offshore companies.

Our PRC Legal Adviser is of the opinion that prior CSRC approval for this offering is not
required because (i) Innovent Suzhou was incorporated as a foreign-invested enterprise without
involving acquisition of the equity or assets of a “PRC domestic company”, as such term is
defined under the M&A Rules, and (ii) Innovent Technology was incorporated as Innovent
Suzhou’s wholly-owned subsidiary without involving acquisition of the equity or assets of a
“PRC domestic Company”, as such term is defined under the M&A Rules.

– 214 –

