REGULATIONS

to PRC individual income tax, or the IIT. The PRC subsidiaries of an overseas listed company
have obligations to file documents related to employee share options or restricted shares with
relevant tax authorities and to withhold IIT of those employees related to their share options
or restricted shares, failure of which may subject such PRC subsidiaries to sanctions imposed
by the tax authorities or other PRC government authorities.

Taxation

Income Tax

On March 16, 2007, the National People’s Congress promulgated the Law on Enterprise
Income Tax (《中華人民共和國企業所得稅法》) which was amended on February 24, 2017,
and on December 6, 2007, and the State Council enacted the Regulations
the
Implementation of the Law on Enterprise Income Tax (《中華人民共和國企業所得稅法實施條
例》) (collectively, the “EIT Law”). According to the EIT Law, taxpayers consist of resident
enterprises and non-resident enterprises. Resident enterprises are defined as enterprises that are
established in China in accordance with PRC laws, or that are established in accordance with
the laws of foreign countries but whose actual or de facto control is administered from within
the PRC.

for

Non-resident enterprises are defined as enterprises that are set up in accordance with the
laws of foreign countries and whose actual administration is conducted outside the PRC, but
have established institutions or premises in the PRC, or have no such established institutions
or premises but have income generated from inside the PRC. Under the EIT Law and relevant
implementing regulations, a uniform corporate income tax rate of 25% is applicable. However,
if non-resident enterprises have not formed permanent establishments or premises in the PRC,
or if they have formed permanent establishment institutions or premises in the PRC but there
is no actual relationship between the relevant income derived in the PRC and the established
institutions or premises set up by them, the enterprise income tax is, in that case, set at the rate
of 10% for their income sourced from inside the PRC.

Enterprises that are recognized as high and new technology enterprises in accordance
with the Notice of the Ministry of Science, the Ministry of Finance (the “MOF”) and the SAT
on Amending and Issuing the Administrative Measures for the Determination of High and New
Tech Enterprises (《科技部、財政部、國家稅務總局關於修訂印發<高新技術企業認定管理辦
法>的通知》) are entitled to enjoy the preferential enterprise income tax rate of 15%. The
validity period of the high and new technology enterprise qualification shall be three years.

The Notice Regarding the Determination of Chinese-Controlled Offshore Incorporated
Enterprises as PRC Tax Resident Enterprises on the Basis of De Facto Management
Bodies (《關於境外註冊中資控股企業依據實際管理機構標準實施居民企業認定有關問題的通
知》) promulgated by the SAT on April 22, 2009 and amended on January 29, 2014 sets out
the standards and procedures for determining whether the “de facto management body” of an
enterprise registered outside of the PRC and controlled by PRC enterprises or PRC enterprise
groups is located within the PRC.

– 185 –

