RISK FACTORS

manufacture or market any drug or drug candidate that is covered by the licenses provided for
under these agreements or we may face claims for monetary damages or other penalties under
these agreements. Such an occurrence could diminish the value of these products and our
business. Termination of the licenses provided for under these agreements or reduction or
elimination of our rights under these agreements may result in our having to negotiate new or
reinstated agreements with less favorable terms, or cause us to lose our rights under these
agreements, including our rights to important intellectual property or technology.

We may need to obtain additional licenses from our existing licensors and others to
advance our research or allow commercialization of drug candidates we may develop. It is
possible that we may be unable to obtain any additional licenses at a reasonable cost or on
reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we may be required to expend significant time and
resources to redesign our drug candidates or the methods for manufacturing them or to develop
or license replacement
technology, all of which may not be feasible on a technical or
commercial basis. If we are unable to do so, we may be unable to develop or commercialize
the affected drug candidates, which could harm our business, financial condition, results of
operations, and prospects significantly.

Certain of our license agreements also require us to meet development thresholds to
maintain the license, including establishing a set timeline for developing and commercializing
products. Disputes may arise regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement,
including:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-
related issues;

the extent to which our technology and processes infringe, misappropriate or violate
intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the license agreement;

the sublicensing of patent and other rights under our collaborative development
relationships;

our diligence obligations under the license agreement and what activities satisfy
those diligence obligations;

the inventorship and ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint
creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our partners; and

the priority of invention of patented technology.

In addition, the agreements under which we license intellectual property or technology
from third parties are complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible
to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may
arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual
property or technology, or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations

– 89 –

