APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Obligation arising from put options over the ordinary shares of a subsidiary written to non-controlling shareholders

Put options written by the Company to non-controlling shareholders as set out in note 28 are accounted for as
derivatives and are recognized at fair value upon initial recognition. Any changes of their fair values in subsequent
reporting dates are recognized in the profit or loss.

The gross financial

the remeasurement of

liability arising from the put options is recognized when contractual obligation to
repurchase the shares in a subsidiary is established even if the obligation is conditional on the counterparty exercising
a right to sell back the shares to the Group. The liability for the share redemption amount is initially recognized and
subsequently measured at fair value of the financial instrument to be issued to exchange for the shares in a subsidiary
to “other reserve”. Prior to the exercise of the put options by non-controlling
with the corresponding debit
shareholders,
the written put options to the
non-controlling shareholders is recognized in the profit or loss.

the estimated gross obligations under

5.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 4, the directors of the
Company are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on
historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these
estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in
the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

Critical judgement in applying accounting policies

The following is the critical judgement, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that the directors
of the Company have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the most
significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

Research and development expenses

Development costs incurred on the Group’s drug product pipelines are capitalized and deferred only when the
Group can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use
or sale, the Group’s intention to complete and the Group’s ability to use or sell the asset, how the asset will generate
future economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete the pipeline and the ability to measure reliably the
expenditure during the development. Development costs which do not meet these criteria are expensed when incurred.
Management will assess the progress of each of the research and development projects and determine the criteria are
met for capitalization. During the years ended 31 December 2016 and 2017 and the six months ended 30 June 2017
and 2018, all development costs are expensed when incurred.

Key sources of estimation uncertainty

The key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the
reporting periods, that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets
and liabilities within the coming twelve months, are described below.

Useful lives of property, plant, and equipment

The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives and the depreciation method in determining the
related depreciation charges for its property, plant and equipment. This estimate is reference to the useful lives of
property, plant and equipment of similar nature and functions in the industry. Management will
increase the
depreciation charge where useful lives are expected to be shorter than expected, or will write-off or write-down
obsolete assets that have been abandoned or sold. As at 31 December 2016 and 2017 and 30 June 2018, the carrying
amounts of property, plant and equipment are approximately RMB772 million, RMB762 million and RMB783
million, respectively as disclosed in note 15.

– I-25 –

