BUSINESS

The term of individual patents may vary based on the countries in which they are
obtained. In most countries in which we file patent applications, including China and the
United States, the term of an issued patent is generally 20 years from the filing date of the
earliest non-provisional patent application on which the patent is based in the applicable
country. In the United States, a patent’s term may be lengthened in some cases by a patent term
adjustment, which extends the term of a patent to account for administrative delays by the
United States Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, in excess of a patent applicant’s own
delays during the prosecution process, or may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed
over a commonly-owned patent having an earlier expiration date.

In addition, with respect to any issued patents in the United States and Europe, we may
be entitled to obtain an extension of the patent’s term provided we meet
the applicable
requirements for obtaining such patent term extensions. For example, in the United States, we
may apply for a patent term extension of up to five years as compensation for the patent term
lost during clinical
trials and the FDA regulatory review process under the Drug Price
Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, referred to as the Hatch-Waxman
Amendments. The exact duration of the extension depends on the time we spend in clinical
studies, as well as getting an NDA approval from the FDA. However, a patent term extension
cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of
product approval, only one patent may be extended, and only those claims covering the
approved drug, a method for using it, or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. In
certain other foreign jurisdictions, similar extensions as compensation for regulatory delays are
also available.

The actual protection afforded by a patent varies on a claim-by-claim and country-by-
country basis and depends upon many factors, including the type of patent, the scope of its
coverage, the availability of any patent term extensions or adjustments, the availability of legal
remedies in a particular country and the validity and enforceability of the patent. We cannot
provide any assurance that patents will issue with respect to any of our owned or licensed
pending patent applications or any such patent applications that may be filed in the future, nor
can we provide any assurance that any of our owned or licensed issued patents or any such
patents that may be issued in the future will be commercially useful in protecting our product
candidates and methods of manufacturing the same.

We may rely, in some circumstances, on trade secret and/or confidential information to
protect aspects of our technology. We seek to protect our proprietary technology and processes,
in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements with consultants, scientific advisers and
contractors, and invention assignment agreements with our employees. We have entered into
confidentiality agreements and non-competition agreements with our senior management and
certain key members of our R&D team and other employees who have access to trade secrets
or confidential information about our business. Our standard employment contract, which we
used to employ each of our employees, contains an assignment clause, under which we own all
the rights to all inventions, technology, know-how and trade secrets derived during the course
of such employee’s work.

These agreements may not provide sufficient protection of our trade secret and/or
resulting in the

information. These agreements may also be breached,

confidential

– 310 –

