BUSINESS

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

IBI-310 is a fully human monoclonal antibody drug candidate that we are
developing for the treatment of a variety of cancers. It binds to an immune
checkpoint known as cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated protein 4 (CTLA-4) which
down-regulates T-cell immune response to cancer cells. In addition to its potential
as a monotherapy, it also can potentially be used in combination therapy with an
anti-PD-1 antibody in the treatment of certain cancers. Ipilimumab,
the only
approved CTLA-4 antibody drug, had worldwide sales of US$1.2 billion in 2017,
according to the Frost & Sullivan Report. There are currently no CTLA-4 inhibitors
approved in China. We are conducting a Phase 1 clinical trial of IBI-310 in China.

IBI-302 is a fully human bi-specific antibody-like drug candidate that we are
developing for the treatment of ocular diseases including a type of age-related
macular degeneration (AMD) called wet AMD. The current biological treatment for
wet AMD include ranibizumab, aflibercept and conbercept. Conbercept achieved
China sales of RMB617 million in 2017, according to the Frost & Sullivan Report.
We believe that IBI-302 has the potential to be a best-in-class wet AMD therapeutic
by simultaneously targeting two aspects of the disease, angiogenesis (which is the
growth of blood vessels) and inflammation, while the current standard of care
pharmaceuticals for wet AMD only target angiogenesis. Our IND application for
IBI-302 was approved by the NMPA in December 2016. We plan to conduct a
multi-center Phase 1 clinical trial of IBI-302 in China. We expect to start and
complete this trial in 2019.

We also have a strong lineup of innovative drug candidates currently in pre-clinical stage,
including two mono-specific antibody drug candidates against novel
targets, and five
bi-specific antibody drug candidates, including an anti-CD47/PD-L1 bi-specific antibody. We
anticipate advancing four of these pre-clinical candidates into clinical stage in the next 12
months. See “– Our Drug Candidates” for details.

State-of-the-art manufacturing facilities designed to, built
international standards

to and operating at

From our inception, we have focused on constructing manufacturing facilities that meet
rigorous international standards. We have undergone ordinary course, comprehensive annual
audits of our production facility to evaluate compliance with industry GMP and quality
compliance standards. Without exception, all of the IND registration batches for the ten INDs
approved by the NMPA and for the IND approved by the FDA and all of the clinical trial
material for the clinical trials of our other drug candidates in the pipeline have been produced
at our existing facilities. Our current production facilities for biologics, with three 1,000L
disposable bioreactors, satisfy the product validation prerequisite for
the approval of
innovative drug candidates under current regulations in China and give us flexibility in
arranging production schedules while maintaining quality consistency. We expect our existing
facilities to be able to support our commercial manufacturing needs for the first two products
through 2020. We are currently installing six 3,000L bioreactors, which are designed to be
commissioned and validated for GMP compliance in 2019. Additionally, we have also
completed the construction of a building shell to host four 15,000L bioreactors in the near
future.

– 221 –

