APPENDIX IV

STATUTORY AND GENERAL INFORMATION

corporate officer, the forfeiture of Restricted Shares shall occur on the date of the expiration
of term of his or her office, or on the date of his or her dismissal or of the notification of such
dismissal. For corporate officers who are also employees with an employment agreement, the
termination of the office does not lead to the forfeiture of the Restricted Shares so long as the
employment agreement is maintained.

Notwithstanding the above and subject to the absolute discretion and determination of the
Committee, the Grantee shall not forfeit his or her Restricted Shares in the event of (1) the
Grantee’s retirement or early retirement, (2) termination of his or her employment without
cause, or (3) any other event determined in the sole opinion of the Committee to be an
exception to the Continued Employment Condition.

If any Restricted Share is forfeited prior to vesting in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the Award Agreement,
then such Restricted Share shall be forfeited with
immediate effect and of no further force or effect, and no payment shall be made to the Grantee
in respect thereof.

(f) Changes in stock

Subject to the terms of the Restricted Shares, if the outstanding Shares are increased or
decreased or are exchanged for a different number or kind of Shares or other securities of the
Company, or additional Shares or new or different Shares or other securities of the Company
or other non-cash assets are distributed with respect to such Shares or other securities, the
Committee shall make an appropriate or proportionate adjustment in order to prevent dilution
or enlargement of rights of the Grantees under the RS Plan.

Merger or demerger. In the event of a merger or a demerger of the Company, all
provisions in this Plan, for the period remaining as from the exchange date, shall continue to
apply to the rights received as a result of the exchange. If the Board determines that such
Restricted Share shall vest, the Company shall as soon as possible prior to the date of the
proposed shareholders’ meeting, deliver the Shares underlying the Restricted Shares to the
Grantees, either directly or indirectly under the name of any person or entity designed by the
Grantees.

Winding Up. In the event a notice is given by the Company to its shareholders to convene
a shareholders’ meeting for the purpose of considering and,
if thought fit, approving a
resolution to voluntarily wind-up the Company prior to the vesting date of any Restricted
Share, the Board shall determine at its discretion whether and the period when such Restricted
Share shall vest. If the Board determines that such Restricted Share shall vest, the Company
shall as soon as possible prior to the date of the proposed shareholders’ meeting, deliver the
Shares underlying the Restricted Shares to the Grantees, either directly or indirectly under the
name of any person or entity designed by the Grantees.

– IV-43 –

