RISK FACTORS

Third parties may assert that we are using technology in violation of their patent or other
proprietary rights. We may also be subject to allegations by third parties of unfair competition,
defamation or violation of their other rights. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit,
could involve substantial litigation expense and divert our technical personnel, management
personnel, or both from their normal responsibilities. Even in the absence of litigation, we may
seek to obtain licenses from third parties to avoid the risks of litigation, and if a license is
available, it could impose costly royalty and other fees and expenses on us.

Even if we believe third-party intellectual property claims are without merit, there is no
assurance that a court would find in our favor on questions of infringement, validity,
enforceability, or priority. A court of competent jurisdiction could hold that third party patents
asserted against us are valid, enforceable, and infringed, which could materially and adversely
affect our ability to develop and commercialize any of our drug candidates and any other drug
candidates covered by the asserted third party patents. In order to successfully challenge the
validity of any such U.S. patent in federal court, we would need to overcome a presumption
of validity. As this burden is a high one requiring us to present clear and convincing evidence
as to the invalidity of any such U.S. patent claim, there is no assurance that a court of
competent jurisdiction would invalidate the claims of any such U.S. patent.

If third parties bring successful claims against us for infringement, misappropriation, or
other violations of their intellectual property rights, we may be subject to injunctive or other
equitable relief, which could prevent us from developing and commercializing one or more of
our drug candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve
substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from
our business. In the event of a successful claim against us of infringement, misappropriation,
or other violation of intellectual property, or a settlement by us of any such claims, we may
have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys’ fees in the case of
willful infringement, pay royalties or redesign our infringing drug candidates, which may be
impossible or require substantial time and cost. In the event of an adverse result in any such
litigation, or even in the absence of litigation, we may need to obtain licenses from third parties
to advance our research or allow commercialization of our drug candidates. Any such license
might not be available on reasonable terms or at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license,
it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors and other third parties access to the
same technologies licensed to us, and it could require us to make substantial licensing and
royalty payments. In the event that we are unable to obtain such a license, we would be unable
to further develop and commercialize one or more of our drug candidates, which could harm
our business significantly. We may also elect to enter into license agreements in order to settle
patent and other intellectual property infringement claims or to resolve disputes prior to
litigation, and any such license agreements may require us to pay royalties and other fees that
could significantly harm our business.

Even if litigation or other proceedings are resolved in our favor, there could be public
interim proceedings or
announcements of
developments, and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it
could have a substantial adverse effect on the market price of our shares. Such litigations or

the results of hearings, motions or other

– 85 –

