RISK FACTORS

the PD-1 receptor with its two known ligands (PD-L1 and PD-L2). The blockade of PD-1
action, therefore, reverses immunosuppression, and can induce autoimmunity as a side effect.
Studies in animals with PD-1 genetic knockout have demonstrated autoimmune phenotypes
including myocarditis and a lupus-like syndrome. The human experience with PD-1 blocking
antibodies is extensive and the predominant adverse events are autoimmune as well. The
recognition and therapy of these canonical adverse events have been well understood and
standardized. In addition, some studies have suggested a connection between hyperprogressive
disease with PD-1 antibodies. However, hyperprogressive disease remains a poorly defined
syndrome that
is not specific to PD-1 therapy. The syndrome has been described in
retrospective, non-randomized observational trials. Hyperprogressive disease is a mode of
early failure of PD-1 therapy, targeted therapies or chemotherapy and is assessed by standard
clinical observation.

Our sintilimab is designed to minimize or avoid known side effects often associated with
other PD-1 therapies. However, the results of clinical trials for immuno-oncology therapies
including PD-1/PD-L1 antibodies such as our sintilimab could reveal a high and unacceptable
severity and prevalence of undesirable side effects. Any such side effects could adversely
impact our ability to obtain regulatory approval. For example, the NMPA, the FDA or other
comparable authorities could order us to suspend or terminate our studies or to cease further
development of or deny approval of our sintilimab. In addition, any drug-related side effects
could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete trials or result
in potential product liability claims. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial
condition and prospects significantly.

Risks Relating to Extensive Government Regulation

All material aspects of the research, development and commercialization of pharmaceutical
products are heavily regulated.

All jurisdictions in which we intend to conduct our pharmaceutical-industry activities
regulate these activities in great depth and detail. We intend to focus our activities in the major
markets of China, the United States, and the European Union. These jurisdictions all strictly
regulate the pharmaceutical industry, and in doing so they employ broadly similar regulatory
strategies, including regulation of product development and approval, manufacturing, and
marketing, sales and distribution of products. However, there are differences in the regulatory
regimes that make for a more complex and costly regulatory compliance burden for a company
like ours that plans to operate in these regions.

The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and compliance with appropriate laws and
regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to
comply with the applicable requirements at any time during the product development process,
approval process, or after approval, may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial
sanctions. These sanctions could include a regulator’s refusal to approve pending applications,
withdrawal of an approval, license revocation, a clinical hold, voluntary or mandatory product
recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions,
fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties.
Failure to comply with these regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business.

– 62 –

