BUSINESS

brand awareness and recognition by organizing academic seminars and conferences,
sponsoring investigator-led clinical trials, providing academic consulting services
and developing collaborative clinical solutions.

(cid:129)

Market access. Our market access team is responsible for channel and key account
management,
insurance and reimbursement and patient assistance. We have
established strong relationships with physicians, hospital administrators and leading
experts in the field of oncology.

Our chief commercial officer, Mr. Min Liu, leads our sales, marketing and market access
operations. Mr. Liu was previously a member of the Roche Global Oncology Franchise
Leadership Team and vice president and head of one of Roche’s two oncology business units
in China. The unit he led was in charge of the marketing and sales efforts for products in the
fields of lung cancer, gastrointestinal cancer and hematology. In his role as our chief
commercial officer, Mr. Liu is supported by key commercial leadership members who have
significant commercial experience in the pharmaceutical
industry. We provide in-house
education and training to our sales force to improve their sales skills and efficiency and to
ensure they provide our current and prospective clients with comprehensive information about
our product candidates and future products.

To further strengthen our competitive position, we will leverage our co-promotion and
co-branding arrangement with Eli Lilly for sintilimab and IBI-301 in China, tapping into Eli
Lilly’s in-depth knowledge of the China market. We also expect to benefit from Eli Lilly’s own
commercialization team in China and its institutional relationships in China.

We are supporting numerous investigator-led clinical trials to generate local clinical data
and accumulate relevant clinical experience that will support the clinical use of our future
approved products. We are building the infrastructure that will allow us to employ centralized
information technology to integrate market information from various sources into a unified
system to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of our market data collection and analysis.

CUSTOMER

During the Track Record Period, we derived all of our revenues from the license granted
to and research and development services provided to a China-based biopharmaceutical
company. For the year ended December 31, 2016, we had no revenue. During the year ended
December 31, 2017, we entered into agreements with such company for licensing of patented
technology and provision of manufacturing and validation services to them with respect to an
early-stage drug candidate that we discontinued to develop as a pipeline product candidate, and
generated revenues from such activities. This drug candidate we licensed to the customer was
an anti-VEGF fusion protein and was developed to treat age-related macular degeneration
(AMD) and tumor. We decided to discontinue the development of this drug candidate at a very
early preclinical stage when we came to realize the commercial viability of this drug candidate
is relatively low as compared to our other pipeline drug candidate, such as IBI-302. At the
Latest Practicable Date, this drug candidate remained at preclinical stage.

– 301 –

