DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

Non-competition compensation. Within the non-competition period, the Company shall
pay the employee a monthly non-competition compensation from the date of the departure
of the employee. The amount of compensation shall be 30% of their monthly average
salary in the 12 months immediately preceding the termination or expiration of the
employment contract.

Violation of agreement. In the event
the employee violates the terms of the
non-competition agreement, he shall fully refund the non-competition restriction and pay
a further penalty to the Company. The Company shall have the right to request further
compensation if liquidated damages are not sufficient.

that

DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION

For the details of the service contracts and appointment letters that we have entered into
with our Directors, see the section headed “Statutory and General Information – Further
Information about Our Directors – Particulars of Directors’ service contracts and appointment
letters” in Appendix IV.

The aggregate amount of remuneration (including short term benefits, retirement benefit
scheme contributions and share based payment) for our Directors for the years ended December
31, 2016 and 2017 and the six months ended June 30, 2018 was approximately RMB6.8
million, RMB7.7 million and RMB19.2 million, respectively. Further information on the
remuneration of each Director during the Track Record Period is set out in Appendix I.

During the Track Record Period, no remuneration was paid to our Directors as an
inducement to join or upon joining our Group. No compensation was paid to, or receivable by,
our Directors or past Directors during the Track Record Period for the loss of office as director
of any member of our Group or of any other office in connection with the management of the
affairs of any member of our Group. None of our Directors waived any emoluments during the
Track Record Period.

The aggregate amount of remuneration for the five highest paid individuals of our Group
for the financial years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017 and the six months ended June 30,
2018 was approximately RMB13.8 million, RMB18.4 million and RMB33.8 million
respectively, whose remunerations are included in the short term benefits, retirement benefit
scheme contributions and share based payment we paid to the relevant Director set out above.

For the financial years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017 and the six months ended June
30, 2018, the aggregate amount of remuneration (including salaries and other allowances,
performance related bonus, share-based payment expense and retirement benefits scheme) for
the remaining four highest paid individuals who are neither a Director nor chief executive of
our Group were RMB7.7 million, RMB11.4 million and RMB15.0 million, respectively.

During the Track Record Period, no remuneration was paid to the five highest paid
individuals of our Group as an inducement to join or upon joining our Group. No compensation
was paid to or receivable by such individuals during the Track Record Period for the loss of
any office in connection with the management of the affairs of any member of our Group.

– 379 –

