BUSINESS

as the right to terminate for an uncured material breach by the other party or the other party’s
insolvency, Eli Lilly has the right to terminate the Lilly Ex-China Agreement in its sole
discretion by providing 180 days’ advance written notice.

Collaboration with Adimab

Beginning in July 2013, and as amended several

times including most recently in
September 2017, we entered into a collaboration agreement with Adimab, LLC (“Adimab”)
(the “2013 Adimab Agreement) whereby we agreed to collaborate on programs to co-discover
and optimize antibodies directed against various targets. The collaboration began with a
program to co-discover and optimize antibodies directed against PD-1 (including sintilimab),
for us to develop processes to manufacture such antibodies, and to commercialize such
antibodies as pharmaceutical products in China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. We co-discovered
sintilimab with Adimab through this collaboration. Over time, we have expanded the scope and
number of collaborations to include the discovery, optimization, and development of antibodies
targeting PCSK9 (IBI-306) and OX40 (IBI-101), as well as other targets.

including the conduct of pre-clinical work and clinical
including process development,

Under the 2013 Adimab Agreement, Adimab is primarily responsible for discovery and
optimization of individual antibodies delivered to us by Adimab (the “Adimab Products”).
Among our pipeline drug candidates, Adimab Products currently include sintilimab, IBI-306,
IBI-101, IBI-318 and IBI-319. We are primarily responsible for (i) the development of any
trials, (ii) the
Adimab Product,
manufacture of any Adimab Products,
scale-up and
formulation, taking place in China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan, and (iii) commercializing the
Adimab Products, including associated regulatory activities, everywhere in the world, except
for IBI-306 where our commercialization responsibilities only relate to China, Hong Kong and
Taiwan. Adimab, likely through a partner, is responsible for commercializing IBI-306 in the
rest of the world, including the regulatory activities required to commercialize IBI-306. We
have the right of first negotiation to provide worldwide supply of any Adimab Product for
development and commercialization. However, in the event we and Adimab are unable to enter
into a supply agreement for the clinical or commercial supply of a certain Adimab Product after
a three-month negotiation period, Adimab may enter into such agreements with a third party
to manufacture such Adimab Product, or elect to manufacture such Adimab Product itself,
outside of China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan. If Adimab chooses to manufacture an Adimab
Products itself or through a third party, we agree to transfer to Adimab or such third party, at
Adimab’s expense, all know-how controlled by us necessary and specific to the manufacture
of such Adimab Product, except for the related working cell bank.

Under

the 2013 Adimab Agreement, we and Adimab established a joint steering
committee with equal representation from each party to coordinate and oversee global
development, manufacturing and commercialization strategies regarding the Adimab Products.
If the parties are unable to resolve a dispute, we have final decision-making authority with
respect to the development, manufacture, and commercialization of the Adimab Products in
China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan. Adimab has final decision-making authority with respect to
development, manufacture, and commercialization of the Adimab Products in the rest of the
world.

– 286 –

