APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Fractional votes shall not be permitted and fractional voting rights available on an as converted basis shall be
rounded to the nearest whole number. To the extent that the Statute or the Articles allow a series of the Preferred
Shares to vote separately as a class or series with respect to any matters, that series of the Preferred Shares, shall have
the right to vote separately as a class or series with respect to such matters.

Investment Arrangement – Onshore PRC Investors

Certain of Series B, Series C and Series D Preferred Shares were issued to onshore PRC investors that the
relevant investments were paid into capital of Innovent Suzhou. The Company has entered into additional option
agreements with the onshore PRC investors, in which each investor is entitled to options for subscribing the same
number of the same series Preferred Shares issued by the Company (subject to anti-dilutive adjustments) (“Share
Purchase Options”). The number of the Preferred Shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of the Share Purchase
Options shall be subject to (a) any appropriate adjustments for any subsequent share slots, share subdivisions,
consolidation or combinations of shares, dividends or distributions of shares or other securities, reclassification,
capital reorganization or similar arrangement, as well as merger, consolidation or redemption in accordance with the
then applicable Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and (b) any change
or adjustment of the equity interest held by such investor pursuant to the investment agreement. The Share Purchase
Options can be exercised at any time at the investor’s own discretion, provide that the restructuring process for the
investor’s exercise of such Share Purchase Option complies with all applicable laws. The investors shall exercise
their Share Purchase Option upon the Company’s initial public offering on a public stock exchange. Innovent HK
shall purchase from the investors and the investors shall sell to Innovent (HK), all of the investor’s equity interest
in Innovent Suzhou at the price equal to the Preferred Shares’ purchase price. The investors shall pay the same price
to the Company for the subscription of Preferred Shares. The equity transfer and the issuance of the Preferred Shares
shall in any event be made and completed by the parties within the following period (the “Waiting Period”): (i) nine
months after the date of the Share Purchase Option Notice if the Share Purchase Option Notice is issued within one
year after the closing of the investors’ investment in Innovent Suzhou; or (ii) six months after the date of the Share
Purchase Option Notice if the Share Purchase Option is issued after one year of the closing of the investors’
investment in Innovent Suzhou. In the event that the equity transfer and the issuance of the Preferred Shares to the
investors fails to be completed by the parties within the Waiting Period, the Company shall purchase from the
investors, and the investors shall sell to the Company, all of such investor’s equity interest in Innovent Suzhou and
such investor’s option granted pursuant to the agreement at a price equal to the higher of (i) 100% of the investor’s
investment amount in Innovent Suzhou plus an annual return at a compound interest rate of 11% calculated from the
closing of such investor’s investment in Innovent Suzhou to the date of expiration of the Waiting Period or (ii) the
Preferred Shares purchase price. The aggregate purchase price of the Preferred Shares upon the exercise of the
investor’s Share Purchase Option shall be determined by the multiple of the proportion of equity interest held by the
investor in Innovent Suzhou upon the exercise of the Share Purchase Option and the fair market value of the Group.
The fair market value shall be determined by the investors and the Company in good faith based on book value of
the Company according to the latest audited financial statements of the Company, taking into accounting the
Company’s goodwill, ownership of valuable contractual obligations, cooperation and supply chain. No Share
Purchase options has been exercised for the years ended 31 December 2016 and 2017.

On 10 April 2018, Innovent Suzhou, the Company and Innovent HK entered into a framework agreement (the
“Framework Agreement”) with ten onshore PRC investors to reorganize the group structure in preparation for the
Company’s IPO. Pursuant to the Framework Agreement, all onshore PRC investors (except China-Singapore Suzhou
Industrial Park Ventures Co., Ltd. “CSVC”) (“Mainstream PRC Investors”) transfer all of their equity interests in
Innovent Suzhou to Innovent HK for a total consideration of US$199,440,000 (equivalent to RMB1,277,972,000).
Further, the Company entered into a convertible preferred share purchase agreement with each of Mainstream PRC
Investors pursuant to which each of them agreed to subscribe the Preferred Shares of the Company accordingly at
a total share subscription prices of US$199,440,000 (equivalent to RMB1,277,972,000). The equity transfer and
Preferred Shares subscription by the Mainstream PRC investors came into effective on 1 June 2018. With the
unsettled consideration, subscription receivables for Preferred Shares amounting to RMB1,319,615,000, which
includes an exchange differences of RMB41,643,000 is recognised under deposits, prepayments and other receivables
for the six months ended 30 June 2018.

– I-49 –

