RISK FACTORS

the costs,

Changes in regulatory requirements and guidance may also occur, and we may need to
amend clinical trial protocols submitted to applicable regulatory authorities to reflect these
changes. Amendments may require us to resubmit clinical trial protocols to institutional review
boards or ethics committees for re-examination, which may impact
timing or
successful completion of a clinical trial. The policies of the NMPA, FDA, EMA and of other
regulatory authorities may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that
could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our drug candidates. For instance, we
submitted our original NDA for sintilimab for the treatment of relapsed/refractory classical
Hodgkin’s lymphoma on December 1, 2017, which was accepted by the NMPA on December
7, 2017. The Center for Drug Evaluation, or CDE, under the NMPA, released new guidance in
February 2018 on the requirements for NDA submissions of PD-1/PD-L1 drugs, specifically
for data from single-arm trials on refractory/recurrent advanced cancers without standard-of-
care therapies. In light of the new guidance released in February 2018 by the CDE, we
resubmitted our NDA for sintilimab for the treatment of relapsed/refractory classical Hodgkin’s
lymphoma on April 3, 2018, which was accepted by the NMPA on April 16, 2018. We cannot
predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future
legislation or administrative action, in any of China, the United States or other countries. If we
are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new
requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose
any regulatory approval
that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain
profitability.

If we experience delays in the completion of, or the termination of, a clinical trial of any
of our drug candidates, the commercial prospects of that drug candidate will be harmed, and
our ability to generate product sales revenues from any of those drug candidates will be
delayed. In addition, any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow
down our drug candidate development and approval process, and jeopardize our ability to
commence product sales and generate related revenues for that candidate. Any of these
occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. In
addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion
of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our drug
candidates.

We believe that our drug candidates’ designation in China as Category 1 products should
confer certain regulatory advantages on us. These advantages may not result in commercial
benefits to us as we expect, and they might be changed in the future in a manner adverse to
us.

In China, prior to seeking approval from the NMPA, a pharmaceutical company needs to
determine the drug’s registration category, which will determine the requirements for its
clinical trial and marketing application. For therapeutic biological products, these categories
include Category 1, for biological products that have not been marketed anywhere in the world,
Category 2, for monoclonal antibodies, and the other 13 categories. Among our pipeline of 17
antibody drug candidates, six are in clinical development in China, including two designated
as Category 1 drug candidates, which are sintilimab and IBI-306, and four designated as
Category 2 drug candidates, including IBI-310, IBI-301, IBI-303 and IBI-305.

– 64 –

