BUSINESS

United States of America

We have begun the process of seeking FDA marketing authorization for sintilimab. The
FDA approved our IND application for sintilimab in January 2018, and based on the strength
of our pre-clinical data and clinical data from trials conducted in China we will not be required
to conduct a dose finding Phase 1 study in the U.S. We plan to initiate a multi-center Phase 1b/2
clinical trial in the U.S. in 60 patients with solid tumors for whom no standard of care approved
therapies exist. The study will investigate the role of tumor mutational burden as related to
response to PD-1 blockade. A second cohort in the study will investigate the clinical activity
in 20 patients with late stage endometrial carcinoma who have no available approved therapy.

Licenses, Rights and Obligations

We co-discovered sintilimab through our collaboration with Adimab as described under
“– Collaboration Agreements – Collaboration with Adimab” below. We will co-promote
sintilimab with Eli Lilly in China pursuant to an exclusive license and collaboration agreement
as described under “– Collaboration Agreements – Collaboration with Eli Lilly” below.

WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ULTIMATELY DEVELOP AND MARKET SINTILIMAB
SUCCESSFULLY.

Our Phase 3 Biosimilar Drug Candidates

Biosimilars are biologics similar

to approved branded reference products. Unlike
generics, biosimilars are not identical to their reference products and in some aspects have
minor differences. The Biosimilars Guideline in China adopts an approach focused on stepwise
development that involves demonstration of structural similarity and functional equivalence
and yet stops short of providing sufficient details to be regarded as overarching guidelines and
standards the compliance with which can be readily ascertained. Therefore, we have looked to
and substantially followed the technical standards and guiding principles adopted by the US
FDA for biosimilars, which we believe the NMPA may aim to emulate in the implementation
of the regulatory approval pathway for biosimilars in China. In so doing, we believe that we
have imposed standards above and beyond those provided in the Biosimilars Guideline. For
instance, under the Biosimilars Guideline, the standards for clinical study data to substantiate
bioequivalence between a biosimilar drug candidate and its reference product may be relaxed
to the extent that results from pre-clinical studies have demonstrated sufficient similarity and
also that results from clinical pharmacology studies suggest similarity in endpoints in clinical
confirmation studies. Such relaxed standards are not available under the US FDA’s biosimilar
regulatory pathway and BLA requirements. We have not elected to and do not expect to take
advantage of such relaxed standards for the assessment of applicable endpoints in clinical
confirmation studies. In addition, we have voluntarily conducted Phase 1 clinical trials for
some of our biosimilar drug candidates as discussed below, even though such early-stage trials
are not required under the Biosimilars Guideline, as they are required under the US FDA’s
biosimilar regulatory pathway and BLA requirements. The goal of a biosimilar clinical
development program is to confirm similarity with the reference product based on (1)

– 242 –

