FINANCIAL INFORMATION

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

employee salaries and related benefit costs, including share-based compensation
expenses, for research and development personnel;

payment of
agreements; and

license fees pursuant

to collaboration agreements and/or

license

expenses associated with inspection and maintenance of facilities, depreciation and
amortization expenses, travel expenses, insurance, utilities and other supplies used
in research and development activities.

Our current research and development activities mainly relate to the clinical advancement
of our 17 drug candidates, including six drug candidates in clinical development, four in IND
stage and seven in pre-clinical development. We expect our research and development expenses
to increase significantly for the foreseeable future, as we move these drug candidates into
additional clinical trials, including potential registration trials, and as we continue to support
the clinical trials of our drug candidates as treatments for additional indications.

share-based

expenses,

for

compensation

administrative

Our administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related benefit costs,
including
personnel. Other
administrative expenses include professional fees for legal, consulting, auditing and tax
services as well as other direct and allocated expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities,
travel costs, insurance and other supplies used in administrative activities. We also expect our
administrative expenses to increase in future periods to support our drug and development
efforts and support any commercialization activities with respect to our product candidates, if
approved. These cost increases will likely be due to increased headcount, increased employee
salaries and benefits, expanded infrastructure and increased costs for insurance. We also
anticipate increased legal, compliance, accounting, insurance and investor and public relations
expenses associated with being a public company in Hong Kong.

In addition to the research and development expenses and administrative expenses, we
also anticipate that our business development expenses will increase and therefore our cost
structure will evolve as we prepare for the commercialization of our drug candidates. For the
year ended December 31, 2016 and 2017 and the six months ended June 30, 2018, our business
development expenses consist of salaries and other expenses such as benefits, travel and
share-based compensation expenses for business development personnel.

For the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017 and the six months ended June 30,
2018, we did not incur any sales and marketing costs. We are in the process of finalizing our
sales and marketing strategy and expect to establish a sales and marketing team by end of 2018.

– 318 –

