APPENDIX I

IFRS 16 Leases

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

IFRS 16 introduces a comprehensive model for the identification of lease arrangements and accounting
treatments for both lessors and lessees. IFRS 16 will supersede the current lease guidance including IAS 17 Leases
and the related interpretations when it becomes effective.

IFRS 16 distinguishes lease and service contracts on the basis of whether an identified asset is controlled by
a customer. Distinctions of operating leases and finance leases are removed for lessee accounting, and is replaced by
a model where a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability have to be recognised for all leases by lessees, except
for short-term leases and leases of low value assets.

The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost and subsequently measured at cost (subject to certain
exceptions) less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, adjusted for any remeasurement of the lease
liability. The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at that
date. Subsequently, the lease liability is adjusted for interest and lease payments, as well as the impact of lease
modifications, amongst others. For the classification of cash flows, the Group currently presents upfront prepaid lease
payments as investing cash flows in relation to leasehold lands for owned use while other operating lease payments
are presented as operating cash flows. Upon application of the IFRS 16, lease payments in relation to lease liability
will be allocated into a principal and an interest portion which will be presented as financing cash flows respectively
by the Group.

The Group expected that, such changes would increase the consolidated asset and consolidated liabilities of
the Group, but would not result in a significant impact to the consolidated financial performance in the Group’s future
financial statements.

Under IAS 17, the Group has already recognised prepaid lease payments for leasehold lands where the Group
is a lessee. The application of IFRS 16 may result in potential changes in classification of these assets depending on
whether the Group presents right-of-use assets separately or within the same line item at which the corresponding
underlying assets would be presented if they were owned.

In contrast to lessee accounting, IFRS 16 substantially carries forward the lessor accounting requirements in

IAS 17, and continues to require a lessor to classify a lease either as an operating lease or a finance lease.

Furthermore, extensive disclosures are required by IFRS 16.

As at 30 June 2018,

the Group has non-cancellable operating lease commitments of approximately
RMB20,256,000 as disclosed in note 32. A preliminary assessment indicates that these arrangements will meet the
definition of a lease. Upon application of IFRS 16, the Group will recognise a right-of-use asset and a corresponding
liability in respect of all these leases unless they qualify for low value or short-term leases.

In additions, the Group currently considers refundable rental deposits paid of approximately RMB2,213,000
(note 19) as at 30 June 2018 as rights and obligations under leases to which IAS 17 applies. Based on the definition
of lease payments under IFRS 16, such deposits are not payments relating to the right to use the underlying assets,
accordingly, the carrying amounts of such deposits may be adjusted to amortised cost and such adjustments are
considered as additional lease payments. Adjustments to refundable rental deposits paid would be included in the
carrying amount of right-of-use assets.

Furthermore, the application of new requirements may result in changes in measurement, presentation and

disclosure as indicated above.

4.

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The Historical Financial Information has been prepared in accordance with the following accounting policies
which conform with IFRSs issued by the IASB. In addition, the Historical Financial Information includes applicable
disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange and complied with the
Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

The Historical Financial Information has been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain financial
instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting periods, as explained in the accounting
policies set out below.

Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and

services.

– I-13 –

