RISK FACTORS

Moreover, shares of other companies listed on the Stock Exchange with significant operations
and assets in China have experienced price volatility in the past, and it is possible that our
Shares may be subject to changes in price not directly related to our performance.

We have incurred significant net losses since our inception and anticipate that we will
continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future and may never become profitable.

Investment

is highly speculative.

in pharmaceutical drug development

It entails
substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that a drug candidate will fail to
gain regulatory approval or become commercially viable. We continue to incur significant
expenses related to our ongoing operations. We have incurred losses in each period since our
inception. In the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017 and the six months ended June 30,
2018, we incurred net loss of RMB544.5 million, RMB716.1 million and RMB57.6 million,
respectively. As of June 30, 2018, we had an accumulated deficit attributed to the owners of
our Company of RMB1,448.2 million. Substantially all of our operating losses have resulted
from costs incurred in connection with our research and development programs and from
administrative expenses associated with our operations.

We expect to continue to incur losses in the foreseeable future, and we expect these losses
to increase as we continue and expand our development of, and seek regulatory approvals for,
our drug candidates, and continue to build up our commercialization and sales workforce in
anticipation of the NMPA’s potential approval of our NDA for sintilimab. Typically, it takes
many years to develop one new drug from the time it is discovered to when it is available for
treating patients. In addition, we will incur costs associated with operating as a public company
and in support of our growth as a development-stage to a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical
company. The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the number and scope of our
drug development programs and the associated costs of
the cost of
commercializing any approved products, our ability to generate revenues and the timing and
amount of milestones and other payments we make or receive with or through arrangements
with third parties. If any of our drug candidates fails in clinical trials or does not gain
regulatory approval, or if approved, fails to achieve market acceptance and commercialization,
we may never become profitable. Even if we achieve profitability in the future, we may not be
able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. Our failure to become and remain profitable
would decrease the value of our Company and could impair our ability to raise capital,
maintain our research and development efforts, expand our business or continue our operations.

those programs,

We have a limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate our current
business and predict our future performance.

We are a development-stage biopharmaceutical company founded in 2011. Our operations
to date have focused on organizing and staffing our Company, business planning, raising
capital, establishing our intellectual property portfolio, and conducting pre-clinical studies and
clinical trials of our drug candidates. We have completed pivotal or registrational clinical trials
for only one drug candidate, sintilimab, for one targeted indication. We have no products
approved for commercial sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales. Our
limited operating history, particularly in light of the rapidly evolving biopharmaceutical
industry, may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and reliably predict our future

– 54 –

