HOW TO APPLY FOR HONG KONG OFFER SHARES

The results of allocations and the Hong Kong identity card/passport/Hong Kong business
registration numbers of successful applicants under the Hong Kong Public Offering will be
available at the times and date and in the manner specified below:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

the

announcement

to

be

in
at
www.innoventbio.com and the Stock Exchange’s website at www.hkexnews.hk by
no later than 9:00 a.m. on Tuesday, October 30, 2018;

the Company’s website

posted

on

English

from the designated results of allocations website at www.iporesults.com.hk
(alternatively:
Chinese
https://www.eipo.com.hk/zh-hk/Allotment) with a “search by ID” function on a
24-hour basis from 8:00 a.m. on Tuesday, October 30, 2018 to 12:00 midnight on
Monday, November 5, 2018;

https://www.eipo.com.hk/en/Allotment;

by telephone enquiry line by calling 28628669 between 9:00 a.m. and 10:00 p.m.
from Tuesday, October 30, 2018 to Friday, November 2, 2018;

in the special allocation results booklets which will be available for inspection
during opening hours from Tuesday, October 30, 2018 to Thursday, November 1,
2018 at all the receiving bank designated branches referred to above.

If the Company accepts your offer to purchase (in whole or in part), which it may do by
announcing the basis of allocations and/or making available the results of allocations publicly,
there will be a binding contract under which you will be required to purchase the Hong Kong
Offer Shares if the conditions of the Global Offering are satisfied and the Global Offering is
not otherwise terminated. Further details are contained in the section headed “Structure of the
Global Offering”.

You will not be entitled to exercise any remedy of

innocent
misrepresentation at any time after acceptance of your application. This does not affect any
other right you may have.

rescission for

12. CIRCUMSTANCES IN WHICH YOU WILL NOT BE ALLOTTED OFFER

SHARES

You should note the following situations in which the Hong Kong Offer shares will not

be allotted to you:

(i)

If your application is revoked:

By completing and submitting an Application Form or giving electronic application
instructions to HKSCC or to the White Form eIPO Service Provider, you agree that your
application or the application made by HKSCC Nominees on your behalf cannot be revoked on
or before the fifth day after the time of the opening of the application lists (excluding for this
purpose any day which is Saturday, Sunday or public holiday in Hong Kong). This agreement
will take effect as a collateral contract with the Company.

– 422 –

