RISK FACTORS

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

manufacturers may not properly obtain, protect, maintain, defend or enforce our
intellectual property rights or may use our intellectual property or proprietary
information in a way that gives rise to actual or threatened litigation that could
jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or
expose us to potential liability;

manufacturers may infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate the patent, trade
secret, or other intellectual property rights of third parties;

raw materials and components used in the manufacturing process, particularly those
for which we have no other source or supplier, may not be available or may not be
suitable or acceptable for use due to material or component defects; and

our contract manufacturers and critical
inclement weather, as well as natural or man-made disasters.

reagent suppliers may be subject

to

Each of these risks could delay or prevent the completion of our clinical trials or the
approval of any of our drug candidates,
in higher costs or adversely impact
commercialization of our future approved drug candidates. In addition, we will rely on third
parties to perform certain specification tests on our drug candidates prior to delivery to
patients. If these tests are not appropriately done and test data are not reliable, patients could
be put at risk of serious harm and regulatory authorities could place significant restrictions on
our Company until deficiencies are remedied.

result

Currently, the raw materials for our manufacturing activities are supplied by multiple
source suppliers. We have agreements for the supply of drug materials with manufacturers or
suppliers that we believe have sufficient capacity to meet our demands. In addition, we believe
that adequate alternative sources for such supplies exist. However, there is a risk that, if
supplies are interrupted, it would materially harm our business.

Manufacturers of drug and biological products often encounter difficulties in production,
particularly in scaling up or out, validating the production process, and assuring high reliability
of the manufacturing process (including the absence of contamination). These problems
include logistics and shipping, difficulties with production costs and yields, quality control,
including stability of the product, product testing, operator error, availability of qualified
personnel, as well as compliance with strictly enforced federal, state and non-U.S. regulations.
Furthermore, if contaminants are discovered in our supply of our drug candidates or in the
manufacturing facilities, such manufacturing facilities may need to be closed for an extended
period of time to investigate and remedy the contamination. We cannot assure you that any
stability failures or other issues relating to the manufacture of our drug candidates will not
occur in the future. Additionally, our manufacturers may experience manufacturing difficulties
due to resource constraints or as a result of labor disputes or unstable political environments.
If our manufacturers were to encounter any of these difficulties, or otherwise fail to comply
with their contractual obligations, our ability to provide any future approved drug candidates
for commercial sale and our drug candidates to patients in clinical trials would be jeopardized.

– 95 –

