BUSINESS

In addition to developing our pipeline drug candidates in China, we have obtained FDA
approval for our IND applications for sintilimab (IBI-308) and IBI-188 and plan to initiate a
multi-center Phase 1b/2 clinical trial for sintilimab (IBI-308) in the U.S.

Subject to applicable legal and contractual obligations, we consciously prioritize, and
from time to time re-prioritize, our pipeline drug candidates for development based on
numerous commercial considerations such as existing resources, changing epidemiology and
estimated commercialization prospects.

Our Most Advanced Drug Candidate: sintilimab (IBI-308)

Sintilimab (IBI-308) is an innovative fully human PD-1 monoclonal antibody against the
programmed death-1 molecule (PD-1). We are developing sintilimab as a monotherapy in
relapsed/refractory classical Hodgkin’s lymphoma,
first-line and second-line melanoma,
gastrointestinal cancers, NSCLC, second-line esophageal cancer, second-line squamous
NSCLC, and NK/T-cell lymphoma. We are also developing sintilimab in combination with
chemotherapy for first-line non-squamous NSCLC, first-line squamous NSCLC, and first-line
gastric cancer.

Mechanism of Action

PD-1 is a protein on the surface of T-cells and is one of the proteins referred to as an
“immune checkpoint” inhibitor. The normal function of PD-1 is to turn off the T-cell mediated
immune response as part of the process that stops a healthy immune system from attacking
other cells in the body. When PD-1 attaches to certain proteins called the PD-1 ligand 1
(PD-L1) or the PD-1 ligand 2 (PD-L2) on the surface of a normal cell or a cancer cell, the T-cell
turns off its ability to kill the cell. Some cancer cells produce large amounts of PD-L1 and
PD-L2 to help these cancer cells evade T-cell attacks. Sintilimab binds to PD-1 and blocks it
from binding to both PD-L1 and PD-L2, which allows the T-cells to kill cancer cells. The
following diagram illustrates the mechanism of action of sintilimab.

In the diagram below, a T-cell interacts with a tumor cell via an antigen on the surface of
the tumor cell. Under normal conditions, the T-cell would recognize the tumor antigen as being
foreign and kill the tumor cell. In the top panel of the diagram, however, the tumor cell also
expresses PD-L1 on its surface. PD-L1 can bind to the checkpoint receptor, PD-1, and in doing
so, turn off the T-cell. In this manner the tumor cell can evade the immune system. As shown
in the lower panel of the diagram, sintilimab binds to PD-1 on the surface of the T-cell and
blocks the ability of PD-L1 to activate the checkpoint. The T-cell then initiates cell killing.

– 226 –

