FINANCIAL INFORMATION

BASIS OF PRESENTATION

Our Company was incorporated as an exempted company with limited liability in the
Cayman Islands on April 28, 2011. Our Company, as the holding company of our business,
indirectly owns Innovent Suzhou and Innovent Technology, which run all of our operations in
China. See the section headed “History, Development and Corporate Structure” for more
details. Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis
except for certain financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each
reporting period.
Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealized gains/losses on
transactions between Group companies are eliminated on consolidation.

MAJOR FACTORS AFFECTING OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Our results of operations, financial condition and the year-to-year comparability of our

financial results are principally affected by the following factors:

Commercialization of Our Drug Candidates

Our business and results of operations depend on our ability to commercialize our drug
candidates. We have a rich pipeline of drug candidates including six drug candidates in clinical
development, four in IND stage and seven in pre-clinical development. Although we currently
have no products approved for commercial sale and have not generated any revenue from
product sales, we expect to commercialize one or more of our drug candidates over the coming
years as they move toward the final stages of development. Sintilimab (IBI-308), our novel
PD-1 antibody, is our drug candidate closest to commercialization. See the section headed
“Business” for more information on the development status of our various drug candidates.

Cost Structure

Our results of operations are significantly affected by our cost structure, which primarily
consists of research and development expenses, administrative expenses, business development
expenses and finance costs.

Research and development activities are central to our business model. For the years
ended December 31, 2016 and 2017 and the six months ended June 30, 2017 and 2018, our
research and development expenses accounted for 77.6%, 80.8%, 78.8% and 73.8% of our total
expenses and costs, respectively. Our research and development expenses primarily consist of:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

third-party contracting costs incurred under agreements with consultants, contract
research organizations, or CROs, and clinical trial sites that conduct research and
development activities on our behalf;

costs associated with purchasing raw materials for research and development of our
drug candidates;

– 317 –

