BUSINESS

misappropriation of our trade secret and/or confidential information, and we may not have an
adequate remedy for any such breach. In addition, our trade secret and/or confidential
information may become known or be independently developed by a third party, or misused by
any collaborator to whom we disclose such information. Despite any measures taken to protect
our intellectual property, unauthorized parties may attempt to or successfully copy aspects of
our products or to obtain or use information that we regard as proprietary without our consent.
As a result, we may be unable to sufficiently protect our trade secrets and proprietary
information.

We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by
maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our
information technology systems. Despite any measures taken to protect our data and
intellectual property, unauthorized parties may attempt to or successfully gain access to and use
information that we regard as proprietary. See “– Risk Factors – Risks Relating to Our Business
– Risk Relating to Our Intellectual Property” for a description of risks related to our
intellectual property.

We conduct our business under the brand name of “Innovent” (“信達”). As of the Latest
Practicable Date, we had registered 59 trademarks in China and 4 trademarks in Hong Kong
and filed 80 trademark applications in China and five trademark applications in other
jurisdictions. We are also the registered owner of five domain names and have irrevocable
licenses for four domain names.

We enter into collaboration agreements and other relationships with pharmaceutical
companies and other industry participants to leverage our intellectual property and gain access
to the intellectual property of others. See “– Collaboration Agreements.”

As of the Latest Practicable Date, we were not involved in any proceedings in respect of,
and we had not received notice of any claims of infringement of, any intellectual property
rights that may be threatened or pending, in which we may be a claimant or a respondent.

See Appendix IV – “Statutory and General Information – Further Information about Our

Business – Intellectual Property Rights” to this prospectus for further information.

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS AND WORKPLACE SAFETY

We strive to operate our facilities in a manner that protects the environment and the health
and safety of our employees, patients and communities. We have implemented company-wide
environmental, health and safety manuals, policies and standard operating procedures that
include management systems and procedures relating to emissions of air, water and other
media; waste water generation and treatment; process safety management; handling, use,
storage,
substances; worker health and safety
requirements; third party safety management; emergency planning and response; and product
stewardship.

treatment and disposal of hazardous

– 311 –

