INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

Hard to Copy – Biologics are more difficult to replicate than traditional small-molecule
pharmaceuticals. Unlike traditional small-molecule pharmaceuticals, biologics usually have
large and complex molecular structures which are influenced by the specifics of
the
manufacturing process. Even slight differences in the structure can result
in significant
differences in the safety and efficacy profile.

Knowledge-intensive – Development of biologics is a very complex process and requires

integration of knowledge from multiple disciplines and special skill sets.

Heavy Capital

Investment – Large-scale biologics manufacturing facilities require
US$200 million to US$700 million or more to build, compared with similar-scale small-
molecule facilities that may cost just US$30 million to US$100 million.

Stringent Regulation – Biologics regulations are still evolving. Currently the approval for
biologics generally involves a more complex registration process, including requirements for
more comprehensive clinical data.

Market Trends and Growth Drivers of Global Biologics Market

According to the Frost & Sullivan Report, the growth of the global biologics market is

driven by the following key factors:

Superior Efficacy of Biologics – Biologics show high efficacy in treating a broad
spectrum of diseases that lack effective therapies, such as cancers and auto-immune diseases,
with faster onset and fewer side effects. Such superior efficacy of biologics results in growing
acceptance among patients and doctors, which stimulates demand and drives the market
growth.

Significant Developments in Biotechnology – The application of biotechnology in
pharmaceutical science has brought a series of breakthroughs in the development of new drugs.
Biotechnology can create substances that cannot be found in nature, for instance, fusion
proteins and bi-specifics. The developments in biotechnology may also be able to increase the
production yield of biologics, leading to substantially lower production costs.

Increasing Investment

in Research and Development – Biologics

research and
development is the key to industry growth. Discovering and developing new biologics is a
long, difficult and expensive process. Global research and development
investment for
biologics is expected to increase in the future and expected to bring more products into the
market. The continuous launch of new products will further drive the growth of the global
biologics industry.

Growing Biosimilar Market – The global biosimilars market holds a huge promise for the
global biologics industry. Patents for many branded biologics will expire during the next few
years, allowing manufacturers to develop and seek approval for biosimilars for these agents,
which are expected to improve affordability and promote wider access to critical, often
lifesaving therapies. Also, cost pressures facing both the governmental and private payers
create a demand for biosimilars, which are considered as a cost-effective alternative to
high-priced branded biologics.

– 145 –

