APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Financial liabilities at FVTPL

Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is designated as at FVTPL.

A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading or contingent consideration of an acquirer

in a business combination may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial recognition if:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that
would otherwise arise; or

the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which is
managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the Group’s
documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about the grouping is provided
internally on that basis; or

it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9 permits the entire
combined contract to be designated as at FVTPL.

Preferred Shares, which contained redemption features and other embedded derivatives, are designated as at

financial liabilities at FVTPL.

Financial liabilities at FVTPL are measured at fair value, with any gains or losses arising on remeasurement
recognized in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognized in profit or loss includes any interest paid on the financial
liabilities and is included in the ‘other gains and losses’ line item.

liability that

is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that

However, for financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of
the financial
liability is recognised in other
comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk in other
comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit or loss. The remaining amount of
change in the fair value of liability is recognised in profit or loss. Changes in fair value attributable to a financial
liability’s credit risk that are recognised in other comprehensive income are not subsequently reclassified to profit
or loss; instead, they are transferred to retained earnings upon derecognition of the financial liability.

Financial liabilities subsequently measured at amortised cost

Financial

liabilities that are not 1) contingent consideration of an acquirer in a business combination,
2) held-for-trading, or 3) designated as at FVTPL, are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
interest method.

The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and of
allocating interest expense over the relevant periods. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts
estimated future cash payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the
effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial
liability, or (where appropriate) a shorter period, to the amortised cost of a financial liability.

Foreign exchange gains and losses

For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency and are measured at amortised cost at the
end of each reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined based on the amortised cost of
the instruments. These foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in the ‘other gains and losses’ line item in
profit or loss for financial liabilities that are not part of a designated hedging relationship.

The fair value of financial liabilities denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign currency
and translated at the spot rate at the end of the reporting period. For financial liabilities that are measured as at
FVTPL, the foreign exchange component forms part of the fair value gains or losses and is recognised in profit or
loss for financial liabilities that are not part of a designated hedging relationship.

Derecognition of financial liabilities

The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
cancelled or they expire. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the
consideration paid and payable, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognised in
profit or loss.

– I-24 –

