RISK FACTORS

legal action against our Directors and us, actions by minority Shareholders and the fiduciary
responsibilities of our Directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed
by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived
in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from
English common law, which has persuasive, but not binding, authority on a court in the
Cayman Islands. The laws of the Cayman Islands relating to the protection of the interests of
minority shareholders differ in some respects from those established under statutes and judicial
precedent in existence in the jurisdictions where minority Shareholders may be located. See the
section headed “Appendix III – Summary of the Constitution of the Company and Cayman
Companies Law”.

As a result of all of the above, minority Shareholders may enjoy different remedies when

compared to the laws of the jurisdiction such shareholders are located in.

Facts, forecasts and statistics in this prospectus relating to the pharmaceutical industry may
not be fully reliable.

Facts, forecasts and statistics in this prospectus relating to the pharmaceutical industry in
and outside China are obtained from various sources that we believe are reliable, including
official government publications as well as a report prepared by Frost & Sullivan that we
commissioned. However, we cannot guarantee the quality or reliability of these sources.
Neither we, the Joint Global Coordinators, the Joint Sponsors, the Underwriters nor our or their
respective affiliates or advisers have verified the facts, forecasts and statistics nor ascertained
the underlying economic assumptions relied upon in those facts, forecasts and statistics
obtained from these sources. Due to possibly flawed or ineffective collection methods or
discrepancies between published information and factual information and other problems, the
statistics in this prospectus relating to the pharmaceutical industry in and outside China may
be inaccurate and you should not place undue reliance on it. We make no representation as to
the accuracy of such facts, forecasts and statistics obtained from various sources. Moreover,
these facts, forecasts and statistics involve risk and uncertainties and are subject to change
based on various factors and should not be unduly relied upon.

You should read the entire document carefully, and we strongly caution you not to place any
reliance on any information contained in press articles or other media regarding us or the
Global Offering.

Subsequent to the date of this prospectus but prior to the completion of the Global
Offering, there may be press and media coverage regarding us and the Global Offering, which
may contain, among other things, certain financial information, projections, valuations and
other forward-looking information about us and the Global Offering. We have not authorised
the disclosure of any such information in the press or media and do not accept responsibility
for the accuracy or completeness of such press articles or other media coverage. We make no
representation as to the appropriateness, accuracy, completeness or reliability of any of the
projections, valuations or other forward-looking information about us. To the extent such
statements are inconsistent with, or conflict with, the information contained in this prospectus,

– 116 –

