RISK FACTORS

board meetings and shareholders’ meetings; and (iv) half or more of senior management or
directors having voting rights. State Administration of Taxation of the PRC, or SAT, has
subsequently provided further guidance on the implementation of Circular 82.

We are not aware of any offshore holding company with a corporate structure similar to
ours that has been deemed a PRC “resident enterprise” by the PRC tax authorities. Accordingly,
we do not believe that our Company or any of our overseas subsidiaries should be treated as
a PRC resident enterprise.

If the PRC tax authorities determine that our Cayman Islands holding company is a
resident enterprise for PRC EIT purposes, a number of unfavorable PRC tax consequences
could follow and we may be subject to EIT at a rate of 25% on our worldwide taxable income,
as well as to PRC EIT reporting obligations. If we are deemed a PRC resident enterprise,
dividends paid on our Shares, and any gain realized from the transfer of our Shares, may be
treated as income derived from sources within China. As a result, dividends paid to non-PRC
resident enterprise shareholders may be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of 10% (or
20% in the case of non-PRC individual shareholders) and gains realized by non-PRC resident
enterprise shareholders from the transfer of our Shares may be subject to PRC tax at a rate of
10% (or 20% in the case of non-PRC individual shareholders).

We and our shareholders face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity
interests in PRC resident enterprises or other assets attributed to a PRC establishment of a
non-PRC company.

Pursuant to the Bulletin on Issues of Enterprise Income Tax and Indirect Transfers of
Assets by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises, or Bulletin 7, an “indirect transfer” of “PRC taxable
assets,” including equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise, by non-PRC resident
enterprises may be recharacterized and treated as a direct transfer of PRC taxable assets, if such
arrangement does not have a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the
purpose of avoiding payment of PRC EIT. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer
may be subject to PRC EIT. When determining whether there is a “reasonable commercial
purpose” of the transaction arrangement, factors to be taken into consideration include:
whether the main value of the equity interest of the relevant offshore enterprise derives from
PRC taxable assets; whether the assets of the relevant offshore enterprise mainly consists of
direct or indirect investment in China or if its income mainly derives from China; whether the
offshore enterprise and its subsidiaries directly or indirectly holding PRC taxable assets have
real commercial nature which is evidenced by their actual function and risk exposure; the
duration of existence of the business model and organizational structure; the replicability of the
transaction by direct transfer of PRC taxable assets; and the tax situation of such indirect
transfer and applicable tax treaties or similar arrangements. In respect of an indirect offshore
transfer of assets of a PRC establishment, the resulting gain is to be reported on with the EIT
filing of the PRC establishment or place of business being transferred, and would consequently
be subject to PRC EIT at a rate of 25%. Where the underlying transfer relates to equity
investments in a PRC resident enterprise, which is not related to a PRC establishment or place
of business of a non-resident enterprise, a PRC EIT at the rate of 10% would apply, subject to

– 111 –

