WAIVERS FROM COMPLIANCE WITH THE LISTING RULES AND EXEMPTIONS FROM

THE COMPANIES (WINDING UP AND MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS) ORDINANCE

to the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan,

(f) material information relating to the share options under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive
Plan will be disclosed in this prospectus, including the aggregate number of grantees
and total number of Shares subject
the
consideration paid for the grant of the share options under the Pre-IPO Share
Incentive Plan, the exercise price per Share, the potential dilution effect on the
shareholding and impact on earnings per Share upon full exercise of the share
options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan. The Directors consider that
the information that is reasonably necessary for the potential investors to make an
informed assessment of the Company in their investment decision making process
has been included in this prospectus.

In light of the above, our Directors are of the view that the grant of the waiver and
exemption sought under this application will not prejudice the interests of the investing public.

The Stock Exchange has agreed to grant to our Company a waiver under the Listing Rules

on condition that:

(a)

(b)

(c)

in respect of the options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan to grantees
who are not Directors, the senior management or the other connected persons of the
Company, disclosure will be made, on an aggregate basis, of (1) their aggregate
number of grantees and number of Shares underlying the share options under the
Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan, (2) the consideration paid for the grant of the share
options under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan and (3) the exercise period and the
exercise price of the share options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan
in the section headed “Statutory and General Information – D. Equity Plans – 1.
Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan” in Appendix IV;

in respect of the grantees who are not our employees and are granted options with
more than 2,000,000 underlying Shares under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan, full
details of all options granted to these grantees, including all the particulars as
required under Rule 17.02(1)(b) and paragraph 27 of Appendix 1A to the Listing
Rules and paragraph 10 of Part I of the Third Schedule to the Companies (Winding
Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance will, on an individual basis be
disclosed in the section headed “Statutory and General Information – D. Equity
Plans – 1. Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan” in Appendix IV;

aggregate number of Shares underlying the options granted under the Pre-IPO Share
Incentive Plan and the percentage to the Company’s total
issued share capital
represented by such number of Shares immediately following the completion of the
Global Offering (assuming the Over-allotment Option is not exercised and no shares
are issued pursuant
to the Equity Plans) will be made in the section headed
“Statutory and General Information – D. Equity Plans – 1. Pre-IPO Share Incentive
Plan” in Appendix IV;

(d)

the dilutive effect and impact on earnings per Share upon the full exercise of the
options under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan will be disclosed in the section
headed “Statutory and General Information – D. Equity Plans – 1. Pre-IPO Share
Incentive Plan” in Appendix IV;

– 123 –

