BUSINESS

Abbreviation: NRDL = national reimbursement drug list of China; PRDL = provincial reimbursement drug list;

“No” means that the drug is not list in the NRDL or the PRDL even though it is marketed;

“N.A.” means, with respect to retail price, not available, and with respect to NRDL/PDRL, not applicable because
the drug candidate is not marketed yet.

*

for a marketed product, it refers to the NMPA approval date; for a clinical stage product, it refers to the date
when the information about clinical trials is published for the first time (首次公示日期); for a product with
NDA submitted and the NDA result pending, it refers to the date of NDA submission.

Current Development Status and Data

Step 1: CMC and Analytical Characterization

We have developed, manufactured and characterized a master cell bank and demonstrated
its quality and stability in accordance with the ICH guidelines. We have also completed
development of a stable and controllable production process for IBI-303 and demonstrated
through comprehensive studies that the stability of drug substance and drug product comply
with the requirements of clinical research.

We completed extensive analytical characterization and in vitro studies comparing

IBI-303 to the reference product Humira.

We have confirmed through Lys-C peptide mapping that the amino acid sequence of
IBI-303 is identical
to that of the reference product Humira, which is required for the
biosimilar pathway under NMPA regulations. The graph below shows the peptide fingerprint
of IBI-303 compared with Humira (adalimumab). IBI-303 and adalimumab were fragmented by
endoproteinase Lys-C degradation and the peptides were separated by liquid chromatography-
mass spectroscopy/mass spectroscopy (LC-MS/MS). This technology creates a peptide
fragment-based fingerprint for proteins. If the fingerprints are identical it can be inferred that
two proteins have identical amino acid primary structure.

Peptide fingerprint for IBI-303 and Humira are highly similar

Abbreviation: mAU = mAnson Unit (a unit of measurement for enzyme activity)

– 260 –

