HISTORY, DEVELOPMENT AND CORPORATE STRUCTURE

Cormorant Private Healthcare, a limited partnership incorporated under the laws of
Delaware, is a pooled investment vehicle organized as a private equity fund. Cormorant Global
Healthcare and CRMA are exempt limited partnerships incorporated under the laws of Cayman
Islands as pooled investment vehicles organized as a hedge fund and a special purpose vehicle,
respectively. All
three entities are managed by Cormorant Asset Management, LP, an
investment adviser registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, focusing on
investments in publicly traded, crossover round, and early stage companies in the biotech,
healthcare, and life science research industries.

Rock Springs, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, is the direct holder and
beneficial owner of interests in the Company. Rock Springs pursues an investment strategy
focusing primarily on investing in companies in healthcare and healthcare-related industries.

CRF Investment is an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands and is
wholly-owned by China Reform Conson Soochow Overseas Fund I L.P., which is a
China-related overseas investment firm specializing in industrials, TMT and healthcare sectors.
China Reform Conson Soochow Overseas Fund I L.P. is mainly sponsored by China Reform
Holdings Corporation Ltd (“CRHC”) (through China Reform Investment Fund I L.P.),
Qingdao Conson Development (Group) Co., Ltd. (through its wholly-owned subsidiary) and
Soochow Securities Co., Ltd. (through its wholly-owned subsidiary). CRHC is a wholly
state-owned investment company. Qingdao Conson Development (Group) Co., Ltd.
is an
investment company directly under the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
Commission of the State Council of Qingdao City. Soochow Securities Co., Ltd.
is a
full-service brokerage firm listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange with stock code 601555.

Ally Bridge is a special purpose vehicle registered with the British Virgin Islands,
specializing in investing in high quality R&D driven healthcare companies in Greater China
area. The entity is managed and controlled by Shanghai Kuokun Asset Management Limited,
an affiliate of Ally Bridge.

5.

Public Float

Upon completion of the Global Offering (assuming the Over-allotment Option is not
exercised and no shares are issued pursuant to the Equity Plans), none of the Pre-IPO Investors
will hold 10% or more of the issued Shares of our Company. As a result, the Shares held by
the Pre-IPO Investors, an aggregate of 720,683,400 Shares, will count towards the public float.

6.

Compliance with Interim Guidance

On the basis that (i) the consideration for the Pre-IPO Investments was settled more than
28 clear days before the date of our first submission of the listing application form, to the
Listing Division of the Stock Exchange in relation to the Listing and (ii) the special rights
granted to the Pre-IPO Investors will terminate upon or before the Listing, the Joint Sponsors
have confirmed that the investments of the Pre-IPO Investors are in compliance with the
Interim Guidance on Pre-IPO Investments issued by the Stock Exchange on October 13, 2010

– 206 –

