RISK FACTORS

The NMPA has adopted several mechanisms for expedited review and approval for drug
candidates that apply to Category 1 drug candidates. While we believe that the Category 1
designation of our internally developed clinical stage drug candidates should provide us with
a significant regulatory, and therefore commercial, advantage over non-Chinese companies
seeking to market products in China, we cannot be sure that
this will be the case. The
pharmaceutical regulatory environment is evolving quickly, and changes in laws, regulations,
enforcement and internal policies could result in the “favored” status of Category 1 products
changing, or being eliminated altogether or our products classification in Category 1 changing.
We cannot be certain that the advantages we believe will be conferred by our Category 1
classifications will be realized or result in any material development or commercial advantage.

The absence of patent linkage, patent term extension and data and market exclusivity for
NMPA-approved pharmaceutical products could increase the risk of early generic
competition with our products in China.

In the United States, the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended by the law
generally referred to as “Hatch-Waxman,” provides the opportunity for patent-term restoration
that provides a patent term extension of up to five years to reflect patent term lost during
certain portions of product development and the FDA regulatory review process. Hatch-
Waxman also has a process for patent linkage, pursuant to which the FDA will stay approval
of certain follow-on applications during the pendency of litigation between the follow-on
applicant and the patent holder or licensee, generally for a period of 30 months. Finally,
Hatch-Waxman provides for statutory exclusivities that can prevent submission or approval of
certain follow-on marketing applications. For example, federal law provides a five-year period
of exclusivity within the United States to the first applicant to obtain approval of a new
chemical entity and three years of exclusivity protecting certain innovations to previously
approved active ingredients where the applicant was required to conduct new clinical
investigations to obtain approval for the modification. Similarly, the United States Orphan
Drug Act provides seven years of market exclusivity for certain drugs to treat rare diseases,
where FDA designates the drug candidate as an orphan drug and the drug is approved for the
designated orphan indication. These provisions, designed to promote innovation, can prevent
competing products from entering the market for a certain period of time after the FDA grants
marketing approval for the innovative product.

Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of any FDA marketing approval
process for any drug candidates we may develop, one or more of our U.S. patents, if issued,
may be eligible for limited patent
term extension under Hatch-Waxman. Hatch-Waxman
permits a patent extension term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during
clinical trials and the FDA regulatory review process. A patent term extension cannot extend
the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of drug approval, only
one patent may be extended and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for
using it, or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. However, we may not be granted
an extension because of, for example, failing to exercise due diligence during the testing phase
or regulatory review process, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior
to expiration of relevant patents, or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable requirements.

– 65 –

