RISK FACTORS

described in “Business – Intellectual Property” of this prospectus. Upon the expiration of our
issued patents or patents that may issue from our pending patent applications, we will not be
able to assert such patent rights against potential competitors and our business and results of
operations may be adversely affected.

Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of
new drug candidates, patents protecting such drug candidates might expire before or shortly
after such drug candidates are commercialized. As a result, our patents and patent applications
may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products
similar or identical to ours. Moreover, some of our patents and patent applications are, and may
in the future be, co-owned with third parties. If we are unable to obtain an exclusive license
to any such third-party co-owners’ interest
in such patents or patent applications, such
co-owners may be able to license their rights to other third parties, including our competitors,
and our competitors could market competing products and technology. In addition, we may
need the cooperation of any such co-owners of our patents in order to enforce such patents
against third parties, and such cooperation may not be provided to us. Any of the foregoing
could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business,
financial
conditions, results of operations and prospects.

Additionally, patent rights we may own or license currently or in the future may be
subject to a reservation of rights by one or more third parties. For example, under U.S. law,
when new technologies are developed with U.S. government funding, the U.S. government
generally obtains certain rights in any resulting patents, including a non-exclusive license
authorizing the government to use the invention for non-commercial purposes. These rights
may permit the U.S. government to disclose our confidential information to third parties and
to exercise march-in rights to use or allow third parties to use our licensed technology. The
U.S. government can exercise its march-in rights if it determines that action is necessary
because we fail to achieve practical application of the U.S. government-funded technology, or
if it determines that action is necessary to alleviate health or safety needs, to meet requirements
of federal regulations, or to give preference to U.S. industry. In addition, our rights in such
inventions may be subject to certain requirements to manufacture products embodying such
inventions in the United States. Any exercise by the government of such rights could harm our
competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.

Our rights to develop and commercialize our drug candidates are subject, in part, to the
terms and conditions of licenses granted to us by others.

We rely on licenses to certain patent rights and other intellectual property from third
parties that are important or necessary to the development of our drug candidates. These and
other licenses may not provide exclusive rights to use such intellectual property in all relevant
fields of use and in all territories in which we may wish to develop or commercialize our drug
products. As a result, we may not be able to prevent competitors from developing and
commercializing competitive drug products in territories included in all of our licenses.

– 80 –

