APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at
the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly
observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the
Group takes into account
the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those
characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement
and/or disclosure purposes in the Historical Financial Information is determined on such a basis, except for
share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment, leasing transactions that
are within the scope of IAS 17 Leases, and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair
value, such as net realisable value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets.

In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based
on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs
to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
entity can access at the measurement date;

Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the
asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

The principal accounting policies are set out below.

Basis of consolidation

The Historical Financial Information incorporates the financial statements of the Company and the entities

controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

has power over the investee;

is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are

changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the
Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of
during the Relevant Periods are included in the consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive
income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting

policies into line with the Group’s accounting policies.

All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between

members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the equity owner of the Company.

Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share
of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially measured at the non-controlling
interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets or at fair value. The
choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis. Other types of non-controlling interests
are measured at their fair value.

Investments in a subsidiary

Investments in a subsidiary are included in the statements of financial position at cost less any identified

impairment losses.

– I-14 –

