RISK FACTORS

proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources
available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. We
may not have sufficient financial or other resources to adequately conduct such litigation or
proceedings. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or
proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources.
Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent and other intellectual
property litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to
compete in the marketplace.

Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various
procedural, document submission,
fee payment, and other requirements imposed by
governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for
non-compliance with these requirements.

Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other governmental
fees on patents and patent applications are due to be paid to the USPTO and other patent
agencies in several stages over the lifetime of a patent. In certain circumstances, we rely on our
licensing partners to pay these fees due to the USPTO and non-U.S. patent agencies. The
USPTO and various non-U.S. governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number
of procedural, documentary, fee payment, and other similar provisions during the patent
application process. We are also dependent on our licensors to take the necessary action to
comply with these requirements with respect to our licensed intellectual property. Although an
inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in
accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which non-compliance can result
in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss
of patent rights in the relevant
in
abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include failure to respond to official
actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees, and failure to properly legalize and
submit formal documents. In any such event, our competitors might be able to enter the market,
which would have a material adverse effect on our business.

jurisdiction. Non-compliance events that could result

Changes in U.S. patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing
our ability to protect our drug candidates.

Recently enacted United States laws have changed the procedures through which patents
may be obtained and by which the validity of patents may be challenged. For example, in
addition to the “first-to-file” system summarized above under which whoever first files a patent
application will be awarded the patent if all other patentability requirements are met, the
Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the America Invents Act, enacted in September 2011,
includes a number of significant changes that affect
the way patent applications will be
prosecuted and may also affect patent litigation. These changes include allowing third party
submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and additional procedures to
attack the validity of a patent by USPTO-administered post-grant proceedings,
including
post-grant review and inter partes review. The America Invents Act and its implementation
could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent
applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, each of which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects.

– 86 –

