BUSINESS

Under the Lilly China Agreement, we must use commercially reasonable efforts to
develop each of the China Products for certain indications until each of them has achieved
regulatory approval or we determine in good faith that regulatory approval for each of them
cannot be achieved in a commercially reasonable fashion. We are responsible for developing
unique cell lines to express and manufacture each of the China Products and Eli Lilly is
responsible for assisting us in those efforts. As part of this effort, we are responsible for the
costs of developing the cell lines. These costs include the costs of assistance provided by Eli
Lilly at our request, whereby we will pay Eli Lilly for the time Eli Lilly’s employees spend on
these activities, subject to certain caps. With respect to the development of IBI-301, we are
responsible for the development costs associated with developing the IBI-301 in China. With
respect to the development of sintilimab, we are responsible for the costs leading up to the
filing of the IND in China. Thereafter, we share such development costs for sintilimab with Eli
Lilly equally and sintilimab is the only drug candidate among the China Products to which such
cost sharing arrangement applies for agreed-upon clinical indications under development. In
practice, a joint steering committee established by the parties approves the budget of
development costs for sintilimab once a year and reviews such budget every quarter. The
shared development costs are subject to the approved budget and generally include direct costs
such as raw materials and third-party contractor costs and indirect costs such as staff costs,
depreciation and amortization, power and utility cost and shared supporting expenses for
research and development. The Company settles Eli Lilly’s payment of half of the shared
development costs for sintilimab periodically.

We are responsible for all

the Lilly China
Agreement, including the strategy for filings and label content, leading up to the receipt of
regulatory approvals for the China Products in China. Eli Lilly must cooperate with our
regulatory efforts.

regulatory activities performed under

We and Eli Lilly will co-promote IBI-301 and sintilimab (IBI-308) in China in accordance
with the agreement terms. We will share the difference between net sales and expenses (profits
if such difference is positive and losses if such difference is negative) pertaining to
commercialization of IBI-301 and sintilimab (IBI-308) equally. Under the agreement, expenses
mean the commercialization costs and manufacturing costs incurred by either party or its
affiliates for the relevant product, whereas net sales means the gross amount invoiced by Eli
Lilly or any of its sublicensees to unrelated third parties (excluding any non-end user
sublicensee) for sales of the relevant product in China, less certain deductions to the extent
included in the gross invoiced sales price for the product or otherwise directly paid or incurred
by Eli Lilly or any of its sublicensees with respect to the sales of the product in China. Net sales
will be determined from Eli Lilly’s (including its affiliates and sublicensees) books and records
maintained in accordance with GAAP or similar accounting principles. Eli Lilly will determine
net sales by using its then current standard procedures and methodology.

We are responsible, in consultation with Eli Lilly for manufacturing and supplying the
China Products to Eli Lilly under the Lilly China Agreement. This responsibility includes the
payment of any capital costs necessary for such manufacture. The supply agreement, including
the applicable supply prices to be paid to us by Eli Lilly, must be negotiated at least 18 months
before the anticipated regulatory approval for a China Product in China. We and Eli Lilly are
in the process of negotiating such supply agreement.

– 281 –

