HOW TO APPLY FOR HONG KONG OFFER SHARES

If you apply for less than 1,000,000 Hong Kong Offer Shares, your Share certificate(s)
(where applicable) will be sent to the address specified in your application instructions on or
before Tuesday, October 30, 2018 by ordinary post at your own risk.

If you apply and pay the application monies from a single bank account, any refund
monies will be despatched to that bank account in the form of e-Refund payment instructions.
If you apply and pay the application monies from multiple bank accounts, any refund monies
will be despatched to the address as specified in your application instructions in the form of
refund cheque(s) by ordinary post at your own risk.

(iv)

If you apply via Electronic Application Instructions to HKSCC

Allocation of Hong Kong Offer Shares

For the purposes of allocating Hong Kong Offer Shares, HKSCC Nominees will not
be treated as an applicant. Instead, each CCASS Participant who gives electronic
application instructions or each person for whose benefit instructions are given will be
treated as an applicant.

Deposit of Share Certificates into CCASS and Refund of Application Monies

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

If your application is wholly or partially successful, your share certificate(s) will be
issued in the name of HKSCC Nominees and deposited into CCASS for the credit
of your designated CCASS Participant’s stock account or your CCASS Investor
Participant stock account on Tuesday, October 30, 2018, or, on any other date
determined by HKSCC or HKSCC Nominees.

The Company expects to publish the application results of CCASS Participants (and
where the CCASS Participant is a broker or custodian, the Company will include
information relating to the relevant beneficial owner), your Hong Kong identity card
number/passport number or other
identification code (Hong Kong business
registration number for corporations) and the basis of allotment of the Hong Kong
Public Offering in the manner specified in “Publication of Results” above on
Tuesday, October 30, 2018. You should check the announcement published by the
Company and report any discrepancies to HKSCC before 5:00 p.m. on Tuesday,
October 30, 2018 or such other date as determined by HKSCC or HKSCC Nominees.

If you have instructed your broker or custodian to give electronic application
instructions on your behalf, you can also check the number of Hong Kong Offer
Shares allotted to you and the amount of refund monies (if any) payable to you with
that broker or custodian.

– 427 –

