UNDERWRITING

HONG KONG UNDERWRITERS

Morgan Stanley Asia Limited
Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.
J.P. Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited
China Merchants Securities (HK) Co., Limited
Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited

UNDERWRITING

This prospectus is published solely in connection with the Hong Kong Public Offering.
The Hong Kong Public Offering is fully underwritten by the Hong Kong Underwriters on a
conditional basis. The International Offering is expected to be fully underwritten by the
International Underwriters. If, for any reason, the Offer Price is not agreed between the Joint
Global Coordinators (on behalf of the Underwriters) and the Company, the Global Offering will
not proceed and will lapse.

The Global Offering comprises the Hong Kong Public Offering of initially 23,635,000
Hong Kong Offer Shares and the International Offering of initially 212,715,000 International
Offering Shares, subject, in each case, to reallocation on the basis as described in the section
headed “Structure of the Global Offering” in this prospectus as well as to the Over-allotment
Option (in the case of the International Offering).

UNDERWRITING ARRANGEMENTS AND EXPENSES

Hong Kong Public Offering

Hong Kong Underwriting Agreement

The Hong Kong Underwriting Agreement was entered into on October 16, 2018. Pursuant
to the Hong Kong Underwriting Agreement, the Company is offering the Hong Kong Offer
Shares for subscription on the terms and conditions set out in this prospectus, the Application
Forms and the Hong Kong Underwriting Agreement at the Offer Price.

Subject to (a) the Listing Committee granting approval for the listing of, and permission
to deal in, the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange and such approval not having
been subsequently revoked prior to the commencement of trading of the Shares on the Stock
Exchange and (b) certain other conditions set out in the Hong Kong Underwriting Agreement,
the Hong Kong Underwriters have agreed severally but not jointly to procure subscribers for,
or themselves to subscribe for, their respective applicable proportions of the Hong Kong Offer
Shares being offered which are not taken up under the Hong Kong Public Offering on the terms
and conditions set out
the Application Forms and the Hong Kong
Underwriting Agreement.

in this prospectus,

The Hong Kong Underwriting Agreement is conditional on, among other things, the
International Underwriting Agreement having been executed and becoming unconditional and
not having been terminated in accordance with its terms.

– 384 –

