BUSINESS

(cid:129)

Bi-specific antibody platforms: We collaborate with third-party developers such as
Eli Lilly, Hanmi and Epimab to generate bi-specific antibodies by engineering two
different mAbs and assembling them into a single molecule. See “– Collaboration
Agreements – Collaboration with Eli Lilly” and “– Collaboration Agreements –
Collaboration with Hamni” for more information on our collaborations with Eli
Lilly and Hanmi, respectively, in the development of novel bi-specific antibodies.

Our typical drug discovery and development project

team brings together relevant
specialists from across our Company, as needed,
the development of a drug
candidate. This includes ongoing involvement of our CMC function to identify, at an early
stage, characteristics of a drug candidate that could hamper clinical trials or impede efficient
manufacturing of a drug candidate so these issues can be addressed efficiently before the drug
candidate progresses to the next stage of development. To ensure effective collaboration, we
have project team co-leaders with one leader from each of the groups below.

throughout

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

Technology Group: The technology group handles drug discovery and development
steps after the identification of the target for an antibody drug candidate, including
genetic engineering, pre-formulation of drug candidates and initial physiologic and
chemical characterization. Our technology group has dedicated significant effort to
the discovery of bi-specific antibodies that bind to two targets, which is an area at
the forefront of immuno-oncology research.

Biology Group: The biology group identifies disease and drug targets and studies the
functional aspects of a drug candidate from a chemical and physiologic standpoint,
including biochemical and physiologic analysis of antibody and target interactions.

Our drug discovery function is led by a key management team experienced with drug
discovery and development and consists of 52 employees as of the Latest Practicable Date,
among whom 18 members hold doctorate degrees and 26 members hold master’s degrees.
Members of the technology group generally have biochemistry, protein engineering and
modeling backgrounds. Members of the biology group generally have immunology and in vivo
pharmacology backgrounds.

CMC and Manufacturing

This aspect of our fully-integrated platform covers CMC functions including process
development and analytical science. Each of these functions is seamlessly coordinated with one
another, and this group also supports our manufacturing capability.

line development, cell culture, purification,

Based on the concept of Quality by Design (QbD), we have established a comprehensive,
product-oriented platform that facilitates drugability assessment, high expression production
formulation and fill/finish process
cell
development
commercial
manufacturing, and quality control. This platform gives us the ability to advance drug
candidates to commercialization efficiently and effectively. In addition, we have built an
international-standard commercial biopharmaceutical manufacturing facility.

technology transfer,

and scale-up,

analytical development,

– 293 –

