REGULATIONS

If all the regulatory requirements for NDA are satisfied, the NMPA will grant a New Drug
Certification and a drug registration number
(assuming the applicant has a valid
Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Permit and the requisite production conditions for the new
medicine have been met). All pharmaceutical products produced in China, with certain
exceptions, must bear drug registration numbers issued by the NMPA. Drug manufacturing
enterprises must obtain the drug registration numbers before manufacturing any drug. A drug
registration number issued by the NMPA is valid for five years and the applicant shall apply
for renewal six months prior to its expiration date.

According to the Administrative Measures for Drug Registration and Notice of
Adjustment of Drug Registration Acceptance (《關於調整藥品註冊受理工作的公告》)
in
November 2017, the time limitation on each stage of review process was changed and the
review of the local branch of NMPA on provincial level was cancelled in order to accelerate
the NDA review and approval.

(cid:129)

Biosimilars Guideline

In February 2015,

reference products,

the basic principles for

the China Food and Drug Administration released the Technical
Guideline for the Research, Development and Evaluation of Biosimilars (Tentative) (《生物類
似藥研發與評價技術指導原則(試行)》), or the Biosimilars Guideline, which outlines the
regulatory framework for biosimilars in China. It sets forth the definition of biosimilars and
the criteria for
their
comparability, and the conditions under which extrapolations of
indications would be
permissible. According to the Biosimilars Guideline, a biosimilar drug should in principle have
the same amino acid sequence as the reference product. Under the Biosimilars Guideline, the
NMPA expects a structural and functional characterization of the biosimilar drug when
comparing the same to the reference product. The NMPA also adopts a stepwise approach to
examine comparability through comparative pharmacology data, non-clinical studies, and
clinical studies.

the technical

review,

(cid:129)

Anti-PD-1 and Anti-PD-L1 Monoclonal Antibodies NDA

In February 2018, the CDE promulgated the Basic Data Requirements for Anti-PD-1 and
Anti-PD-L1 Monoclonal Antibodies NDA (《抗PD-1/PD-L1單抗品種申報上市的資料基本要
求》) to regulate the clinical trials for anti-PD-1 and anti-PD-L1 monoclonal antibodies and the
relevant regulatory approval procedures. To be more specific, it allows applicants to submit
NDAs based on results from single-arm clinical trials with objective response rate, or the ORR,
as the major endpoint, and to submit clinical data in stages in the form of rolling applications.
It also provides that, before submission of NDAs, sponsors must propose pre-NDA meetings.
The CDE decides whether to hold pre-NDA meetings and the form of such meetings according
to the specific conditions of the drug candidates. Those sponsors complying with submission
requirements can submit NDAs and propose the priority review simultaneously.

Drug Manufacture

(cid:129)

Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Permit

– 175 –

