RISK FACTORS

imports may continue to occur or even increase as the ability of patients and other customers
to obtain these lower priced imports continues to grow. Furthermore, cross-border imports from
lower-priced markets (parallel imports) into higher-priced markets could harm sales of our
future drug products and exert commercial pressure on pricing within one or more markets. In
addition, competent government authorities may expand consumers’ ability to import lower
priced versions of our future approved products or competing products from outside China or
other countries where we operate. Any future legislation or regulations that increase consumer
access to lower priced medicines from outside China or other countries where we operate could
have a material adverse effect on our business.

Certain products distributed or sold in the pharmaceutical market may be manufactured
without proper licenses or approvals, or are fraudulently mislabeled with respect to their
content or manufacturers. These products
counterfeit
pharmaceutical products. The counterfeit pharmaceutical product control and enforcement
system, particularly in developing markets such as China, may be inadequate to discourage or
eliminate the manufacturing and sale of counterfeit pharmaceutical products imitating our
products. Since counterfeit pharmaceutical products in many cases have very similar
appearances compared with the authentic pharmaceutical products but are generally sold at
lower prices, counterfeits of our products can quickly erode the demand for our future
approved drug candidates.

are generally referred to as

In addition, counterfeit pharmaceutical products are not expected to meet our or our
collaborators’ rigorous manufacturing and testing standards. A patient who receives a
counterfeit pharmaceutical product may be at
risk for a number of dangerous health
consequences. Our reputation and business could suffer harm as a result of counterfeit
pharmaceutical products sold under our or our collaborators’ brand name(s). In addition, thefts
of inventory at warehouses, plants or while in-transit, which are not properly stored and which
are sold through unauthorized channels, could adversely impact patient safety, our reputation
and our business.

Risks Relating to Commercialization of Our Drugs and Drug Candidates

If we are not able to obtain, or experience delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals,
we will not be able to commercialize our drug candidates, and our ability to generate revenue
will be materially impaired.

Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any drug candidate for
a target indication, we must demonstrate in pre-clinical studies and well-controlled clinical
trials, and, with respect to approval in China, to the satisfaction of the NMPA, that the drug
candidate is safe and effective for use for that target indication and that the manufacturing
facilities, processes and controls are adequate. In addition to pre-clinical and clinical data, the
NDA must include significant information regarding the chemistry, manufacturing and controls
for the drug candidate. Obtaining approval of an NDA or BLA is a lengthy, expensive and
uncertain process, and approval may not be obtained. If we submit an NDA to the NMPA, the
NMPA decides whether to accept or reject the submission for filing. We cannot be certain that
any submissions will be accepted for filing and review by the NMPA.

– 72 –

