APPENDIX IV

STATUTORY AND GENERAL INFORMATION

(c) Domain names

As at the Latest Practicable Date, we owned the following domain names which we

consider to be or may be material to our business:

No.

1.
2.
3.
4.
5.

Domain Name

abouttyvyt.com
fripdi.com
kimpedro.com
mytyvyt.com
zokurbo.com

Registered Owner

Innovent Suzhou
Innovent Suzhou
Innovent Suzhou
Innovent Suzhou
Innovent Suzhou

Save as aforesaid, as of the Latest Practicable Date, there were no other trade or service
marks, patents, intellectual or industrial property rights which were material in relation to our
business.

C.

FURTHER INFORMATION ABOUT OUR DIRECTORS

1.

Particulars of Directors’ Service Contracts and Appointment Letters

(a) Executive Directors

Each of the executive Directors (namely, Dr. De-Chao Michael Yu and Mr. Ronald Hao
Xi Ede) had entered into a service agreement with our Company on October 15, 2018. The
initial term of their service agreements shall commence from the date of their appointment and
continue for a period of three years after or until the third annual general meeting of the
Company since the Listing Date, whichever is earlier (subject always to re-election as and
when required under the Articles of Association), until terminated in accordance with the terms
and conditions of the service agreement or by either party giving to the other not less than three
months’ prior notice in writing.

Pursuant to the service agreement entered into with our Company, Dr. De-Chao Michael
Yu is entitled to bonuses in two lump sums of US$4,433,699.7 and US$5,097,799.83
respectively (subject to certain specified conditions to be satisfied). In addition, the Company
shall bear and pay certain specified individual tax liabilities that Dr. De-Chao Michael Yu may
or will incur.

Pursuant to the service agreement entered into with our Company, Mr. Ronald Hao Xi Ede
is entitled to a bonus in a lump sum of US$1,888,729.92 (subject to certain specified conditions
to be satisfied). In addition, the Company shall bear and pay certain specified individual tax
liabilities that Mr. Ronald Hao Xi Ede may or will incur.

– IV-16 –

