DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Shuyun Chen, aged 44, also known as Nick Chen, is a non-executive Director of our
Company. Mr. Chen is responsible for providing professional opinion and judgment to the
Board. He is a Partner of Capital Group Private Markets (“CGPM”), part of the Los
Angeles-based The Capital Group Companies (“Capital Group”), where he heads CGPM’s
China team. Prior to joining Capital Group in 2005, Mr. Chen worked at J.P. Morgan & Chase
in investment banking roles in New York and Hong Kong from 1999, leaving as Vice President
of the Asia mergers and acquisitions group. Before joining J.P. Morgan, he worked at Willis
Towers Watson in the U.S. as a management consultant associate.

Mr. Chen received his bachelor of arts degree (summa cum laude)

in business

(management) economics from Franklin & Marshall College in the U.S. in May 1997.

Independent Non-Executive Directors

Mr. Charles Leland Cooney, Ph.D., aged 73, is an independent non-executive Director.
He is responsible for providing independent opinion and judgment to the Board. Dr. Cooney
joined the faculty of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology as an assistant professor in
1970, becoming full professor in 1982. His teaching focuses on bioprocess development and
manufacturing and technological innovation, and his research interests include biochemical
engineering and pharmaceutical manufacturing. Between 2002 to 2014, Dr. Cooney was the
founding Faculty Director of the Deshpande Center for Technological Innovation.

Dr. Cooney is a consultant to multiple biotech and pharmaceutical companies and sits on
the boards of private companies such as GreenLight Bioscience, Mitra Biotech and Mitra RxDx
and LayerBio, and is an adviser to the Singapore MIT Alliance for Research and Technology
(SMART) Innovation Center. He served as an independent non-executive director of Polypore
International (a company listed on the NASDAQ with ticker symbol PPO), and Biocon Limited
(a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange with ticker symbol BIOCON and on the
Bombay Stock Exchange with stock code 532523).

Dr. Cooney received his Bachelor of Science degree in chemical engineering from the
University of Pennsylvania in June 1966, and his Master of Science and doctor of philosophy
degrees in biochemical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in
September 1967 and February 1970, respectively.

Ms. Joyce I-Yin Hsu, aged 43,

is an independent non-executive Director. She is
responsible for providing independent opinion and judgment to the Board. She has been a
partner at Cornell Capital HK since 2017, and was a partner at Zoyi Capital between 2013 and
2015, being mainly responsible for investments and portfolio company monitoring. Prior to
this, Ms. Hsu served as Chief Financial Officer at Mindray Medical International Limited (a
company listed on the New York Stock Exchange with ticker symbol MR) between 2006 and
2009, before which she was an Executive Director at Goldman Sachs Asia between 1998 and
2006.

– 373 –

