HOW TO APPLY FOR HONG KONG OFFER SHARES

(cid:129)

refund cheque(s) crossed “Account Payee Only” in favour of the applicant (or, in the
the first-named applicant) for (i) all or the surplus
case of joint applicants,
application monies
for
the Hong Kong Offer Shares, wholly or partially
unsuccessfully applied for; and/or (ii) the difference between the Offer Price and the
Maximum Offer Price per Offer Share paid on application in the event that the Offer
Price is less than the Maximum Offer Price (including brokerage, SFC transaction
levy and the Stock Exchange trading fee but without interest). Part of the Hong
Kong identity card number/passport number, provided by you or the first-named
applicant (if you are joint applicants), may be printed on your refund cheque, if any.
Your banker may require verification of your Hong Kong identity card
number/passport number before encashment of your refund cheque(s). Inaccurate
completion of your Hong Kong identity card number/passport number may
invalidate or delay encashment of your refund cheque(s).

Subject to arrangement on dispatch/collection of share certificates and refund monies as
mentioned below, any refund cheques and share certificates are expected to be posted on or
before Tuesday, October 30, 2018. The right is reserved to retain any share certificate(s) and
any surplus application monies pending clearance of cheque(s) or banker’s cashier’s order(s).

Share certificates will only become valid at 8:00 a.m. Wednesday, October 31, 2018,
provided that the Global Offering has become unconditional and the right of termination
described in the “Underwriting” section in this prospectus has not been exercised. Investors
who trade shares prior to the receipt of Share certificates or the Share certificates becoming
valid do so at their own risk.

Personal Collection

(i)

If you apply using a WHITE Application Form

If you apply for 1,000,000 or more Hong Kong Offer Shares and have provided all
information required by your Application Form, you may collect your refund cheque(s) and/or
share certificate(s) from the Hong Kong Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor
Services Limited at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East,
Wanchai, Hong Kong, from 9:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. on Tuesday, October 30, 2018 or such other
date as notified by us in the newspapers.

If you are an individual who is eligible for personal collection, you must not authorise any
other person to collect for you. If you are a corporate applicant which is eligible for personal
collection, your authorised representative must bear a letter of authorisation from your
corporation stamped with your corporation’s chop. Both individuals and authorised
representatives must produce, at the time of collection, evidence of identity acceptable to the
Hong Kong Share Registrar.

If you do not collect your refund cheque(s) and/or share certificate(s) personally within
the time specified for collection, they will be despatched promptly to the address specified in
your Application Form by ordinary post at your own risk.

– 425 –

