BUSINESS

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

Expansion in Manufacturing Building 1: We have begun construction on our second
stage production facilities, which will also be housed in Manufacturing Building 1.
When completed, these facilities will be equipped with six 3,000L stainless steel
bioreactors, bringing our total production capacity to 21,000L. This expansion will
provide us additional capacity to support commercial production as well as clinical
trials. These facilities are scheduled to go into operation in the second half of 2019
and we expect them to provide us with sufficient manufacturing capacity to support
the growth of our business for at least five years.

Manufacturing Building 2: Our Manufacturing Building 2 has an additional
24,330.12 m2 of floor space to accommodate our future growth. We plan to install
four 15,000L stainless steel bioreactors in this building as and when needed.

Manufacturing is subject to extensive regulations that impose various procedural and
documentation requirements governing recordkeeping, manufacturing processes and controls,
personnel, quality control and quality assurance, among others. Our manufacturing facilities
are designed to operate under, and are expected to receive certifications for cGMP
requirements. We hold, and our manufacturing facilities operates under, a pharmaceutical
manufacturing license issued by the NMPA.

Clinical Development

The clinical development function of our fully-integrated platform manages clinical trials
including clinical trial design, implementation, and the collection and analysis of trial data. As
of the Latest Practicable Date, we have designed and implemented more than a dozen clinical
studies.

Our clinical development function has entered into long-term partnerships with numerous
hospitals and principal investigators located in different regions of China that offer us readily
available clinical trial facilities and services. We believe the size and geographic diversity of
these facilities provide us a significant advantage in implementing large-scale clinical trials
and also enable us to conduct multiple clinical trials concurrently.

We use contract research organizations, or CROs, and consultants that manage, conduct
and support our clinical trials and pre-clinical studies in China and in the U.S. We selected our
CROs weighing various factors, such as their qualifications, academic and professional
experience and industry reputation. The CROs provide us with an array of products and
services necessary for complex clinical trials. In addition to the scope, depth and quality of
their service and product offerings, we place a high value on our CROs’ ability to facilitate
optimal site selection, timely patient recruitment and efficient conduct of complex clinical
trials. Generally, we enter into a master service agreement with a CRO under which we execute
a separate work order for each pre-clinical or clinical research project, or we enter into a
research and development contract with a CRO for an individual project. We supervise these
third-party service providers to ensure that they perform their duties to us in a manner that
complies with our protocols and applicable laws and that protects the integrity of the data
resulting from our trials and studies.

– 298 –

