REGULATIONS

的指導意見》) on July 10, 2007, under which urban residents in the pilot districts who are not
employed may voluntarily participate in the urban resident basic medical insurance scheme. In
addition, in January 2016, the Opinions on Integrating the Basic Medical Insurance Systems for
Urban and Rural Residents (《關於整合城鄉居民基本醫療保險制度的意見》) issued by the
State Council required the integration of the urban resident basic medical insurance and the
new rural cooperative medical care system and the establishment of a unified basic medical
insurance system, which will cover all urban and rural residents other than rural migrant
workers and persons in flexible employment arrangements who participate in the basic medical
insurance for urban employees.

Participants of the national medical insurance program and their employers, if any, are
required to contribute to the insurance program on a monthly basis. Program participants are
eligible for full or partial reimbursement of the costs of medicines included in the National
Reimbursement Drug List (《國家基本醫療保險藥品目錄》), or the NRDL.

National list of essential drugs

In 2009, MOH and other eight regulatory authorities in China issued the Measures on the
Administration of the National List of Essential Drugs (《國家基本藥物目錄管理辦法》) and
the Guidelines on the Implementation of the National List of Essential Drugs System (《關於
建立國家基本藥物制度的實施意見》), which aim to promote the use of fairly priced essential
medicines in China and ensure that the general public in China has equal access to the drugs
contained in the National Essential Drugs. MOH promulgated the National List of Essential
Drugs (Catalog for the Basic Healthcare Institutions) on August 18, 2009, and promulgated the
amended National List of Essential Drugs on March 13, 2013. According to these regulations,
basic healthcare institutions funded by government, which primarily include state-level
hospitals, state-level Chinese medicine hospitals, rural clinics and community clinics, shall
store up and use drugs listed on the National List of Essential Drugs. The drugs listed on the
National List of Essential Drugs shall be purchased through centralized tender process and
shall be subject to the price control by the NDRC. Remedial drugs in the National List of
Essential Drugs are all listed in the NRDL and the entire amount of the purchase price of such
drugs is entitled to reimbursement.

Commercial insurance

On October 25, 2016, the State Council and Central Committee of the Communist Party
of China jointly issued the Development Plan and Guidelines for Healthy China 2030 (《“健
康中國”2030規劃綱要》) or the Plan. According to the Plan, China will establish a multi-level
medical security system built around basic medical insurance, with other forms of insurance
supplementary to the basic medical insurance, including serious illness insurance for urban and
rural residents, commercial health insurance and medical assistance. Furthermore, the Plan
encourages enterprises and individuals to participate in commercial health insurance and
various forms of supplementary insurance. The evolving medical insurance system makes
innovative drugs more affordable and available to Chinese people, which creates greater
opportunities to drug manufacturers that focus on the research and development of innovative
drugs, such as high-cost anti-cancer therapeutics.

– 179 –

