RISK FACTORS

An investment in our Shares involves significant risks. You should carefully consider
all of the information in this prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described
below, before making an investment in our Shares. The following is a description of what
we consider to be our material risks. Any of the following risks could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In any such
case, the market price of our Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your
investment.

These factors are contingencies that may or may not occur, and we are not in a
position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. The
information given is as of the Latest Practicable Date unless otherwise stated, will not
be updated after the date hereof, and is subject to the cautionary statements in the section
headed “Forward-looking Statements” in this prospectus.

We believe there are certain risks and uncertainties involved in our operations, some of
which are beyond our control. We have categorized these risks and uncertainties into: (i) risks
relating to our financial position and need for additional capital; (ii) risks relating to our
business, comprising (a) risks relating to clinical development of our drug candidates, (b) risks
relating to extensive government regulation, (c) risks relating to commercialization of our
drugs and drug candidates, (d) risks relating to our intellectual property rights and (e) risks
relating to our reliance on third parties; (iii) risks relating to our operations; (iv) risks relating
to our doing business in China and (v) risks relating to the Global Offering.

Additional risks and uncertainties that are presently not known to us or not expressed or
implied below or that we currently deem immaterial could also harm our business, financial
condition and operating results. You should consider our business and prospects in light of the
challenges we face, including the ones discussed in this section.

RISKS RELATING TO OUR FINANCIAL POSITION AND NEED FOR ADDITIONAL
CAPITAL

The price and trading volume of our Shares may be volatile, which could lead to substantial
losses to investors.

The price and trading volume of our Shares may be subject to significant volatility in
response to various factors beyond our control, including the general market conditions of the
securities in Hong Kong and elsewhere in the world.
the business and
performance and the market price of the shares of other companies engaging in similar business
may affect the price and trading volume of our Shares. In addition to market and industry
factors, the price and trading volume of our Shares may be highly volatile for specific business
reasons, such as the results of clinical
the results of our
applications for approval of our drug candidates, regulatory developments affecting the
pharmaceutical industry, healthcare, health insurance and other related matters, fluctuations in
our revenue, earnings, cash flows,
investments and expenditures, relationships with our
suppliers, movements or activities of key personnel, or actions taken by competitors.

trials of our drug candidates,

In particular,

– 53 –

