REGULATIONS

Tort Law

Pursuant

to the Tort Liability Law of

the PRC (《中華人民共和國侵權責任法》),
promulgated by the SCNPC on December 26, 2009 and became effective on July 1, 2010,
manufacturers shall assume tort liability where the defects in relevant products cause damage
to others. Sellers shall assume tort liability where the defects in relevant products causing
damage to others which are attributable to the sellers. The aggrieved party may claim for
compensation from the manufacturer or the seller of the relevant product in which the defects
have caused damage.

Commercial Bribery

Pharmaceutical companies involved in a criminal

investigation or administrative
proceedings related to bribery are listed in the Adverse Records of Commercial Briberies by
its provincial health and family planning administrative department. Pursuant to the Provisions
on the Establishment of Adverse Records of Commercial Briberies in the Medicine Purchase
and Sales Industry which became effective on March 1, 2014, provincial health and family
planning administrative departments formulate the implementing measures for establishment
of Adverse Records of Commercial Briberies. If a pharmaceutical company is listed in the
Adverse Records of Commercial Briberies for the first time, its production is not required to
be purchased by public medical institutions. A pharmaceutical company will not be penalized
by the relevant PRC government authorities merely by virtue of having contractual
relationships with distributors or third party promoters who are engaged in bribery activities,
so long as such pharmaceutical company and its employees are not utilizing the distributors or
third party promoters for the implementation of, or acting in conjunction with them in, the
prohibited bribery activities.
In addition, a pharmaceutical company is under no legal
obligation to monitor the operating activities of its distributors and third party promoters, and
will not be subject to penalties or sanctions by relevant PRC government authorities as a result
of failure to monitor their operating activities.

Labor and Social Warfare

Pursuant to the PRC Labor Law (《中華人民共和國勞動法》), which was promulgated
by the SCNPC on July 5, 1994 and became effective on January 1, 1995 and subsequently
amended on August 27, 2009, the PRC Labor Contract Law (《中華人民共和國勞動合同法》),
which was promulgated by the SCNPC on June 29, 2007 and subsequently amended on
December 28, 2012 and became effective on July 1, 2013, and the Implementing Regulations
of the Labor Contract Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國勞動合同法實施條例》), which was
promulgated by the State Council and became effective on September 18, 2008, labor contracts
in written form shall be executed to establish labor relationships between employers and
employees. Wages shall not be lower than local minimum wage. The employer must establish
a system for labor safety and sanitation, strictly abide by national rules and standards, provide
education regarding labor safety and sanitation to its employees, provide employees with labor
safety and sanitation conditions and necessary protection materials in compliance with national
rules, and carry out regular health examination for employees engaged in work involving
occupational hazards.

– 183 –

