RISK FACTORS

Recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have also changed the law surrounding patent
eligibility and narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and
weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty
with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created
uncertainty with respect to the value of patents once obtained, if any. Depending on decisions
by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing
patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new
patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. There
could be similar changes in the laws of foreign jurisdictions that may impact the value of our
patent rights or our other intellectual property rights.

If we are unable to protect
the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and
competitive position would be harmed. We may be subject to claims that our employees,
consultants, or advisers have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their
former employers or claims asserting ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual
property.

information,

including unpatented know-how,

In addition to our issued patent and pending patent applications, we rely on trade secret
technology and other
and confidential
proprietary information,
to maintain our competitive position and to protect our drug
candidates. We seek to protect this trade secret and confidential information, in part, by
entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties that have access to
them, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators,
sponsored researchers, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisers and other third parties. We
also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our
employees and consultants. However, any of these parties may breach such agreements and
disclose our proprietary information, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for
such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade
secret can be difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. If any
of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor
or other third party, we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or
information to compete with us and our competitive position would be harmed.

Furthermore, many of our employees, consultants, and advisers, including our senior
management, were previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies,
including our competitors or potential competitors. Some of these employees, consultants, and
advisers,
including each member of our senior management, executed proprietary rights,
non-disclosure and non-competition agreements in connection with such previous employment.
Although we try to ensure that our employees do not use the proprietary information or
know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these
employees have used or disclosed intellectual property,
including trade secrets or other
proprietary information, of any such individual’s former employer. We are not aware of any
threatened or pending claims related to these matters or concerning the agreements with our
senior management, but in the future litigation may be necessary to defend against such claims.
If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose
valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending
against such claims,
in substantial costs and be a distraction to
management.

litigation could result

– 87 –

