RISK FACTORS

Risks Relating to Our Reliance on Third Parties

We rely on third parties to conduct our pre-clinical studies and clinical trials and we must
work effectively with collaborators to develop our drug candidates. If these third parties do
not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be
able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our drug candidates and our
business could be substantially harmed.

We have relied upon and plan to continue to rely upon third-party CROs to monitor and
manage data for our ongoing pre-clinical and clinical programs. We rely on these parties for
execution of our pre-clinical studies and clinical trials, and control only certain aspects of their
activities. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted
in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal and regulatory requirements and scientific
standards, and our reliance on the CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities.
We, our CROs for our clinical programs and our clinical investigators are required to comply
with GCPs, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the NMPA, FDA, EMA and other
comparable regulatory authorities for all of our drugs in clinical development. If we or any of
our CROs or clinical investigators fail to comply with applicable GCPs, the clinical data
generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the NMPA, FDA, EMA or
comparable regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before
approving our marketing applications. In addition, our pivotal clinical trials must be conducted
with product produced under GMP regulations. Our failure to comply with these regulations
may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process.

If any of our relationships with these third-party CROs terminate, we may not be able to
enter into arrangements with alternative CROs or to do so on commercially reasonable terms.
In addition, our CROs are not our employees, and except for remedies available to us under our
agreements with such CROs, we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient time and
resources to our ongoing clinical and non-clinical programs. If CROs do not successfully carry
out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be
replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they or our clinical investigators
obtain is compromised due to failure to adhere to our clinical protocols,
regulatory
requirements or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated
and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our
drug candidates. As a result, our results of operations and the commercial prospects for our
drug candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues
could be delayed.

Switching or adding additional CROs involves additional cost and delays, which can
materially influence our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. There can
be no assurance that we will not encounter similar challenges or delays in the future or that
these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and prospects.

– 91 –

