EXPECTED TIMETABLE(1)

Results of allocations in the Hong Kong Public Offering

will be available at www.iporesults.com.hk (alternatively:
English https://www.eipo.com.hk/en/Allotment;
Chinese https://www.eipo.com.hk/zh-hk/Allotment)
with a “search by ID” function from . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Tuesday, October 30, 2018

Dispatch of Share certificates and refund

cheques/White Form e-Refund payment instructions
(if applicable) on or before(7)

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Tuesday, October 30, 2018

Dealings in the Shares on the Stock Exchange

expected to commence at

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .9:00 a.m. on Wednesday,
October 31, 2018

Notes:

(1)

Unless otherwise stated, all times and dates refer to Hong Kong local times and dates.

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

You will not be permitted to submit your application under the White Form eIPO service through the
designated website at www.eipo.com.hk after 11:30 a.m. on the last day for submitting applications. If you
have already submitted your application and obtained an application reference number from the designated
website prior to 11:30 a.m., you will be permitted to continue the application process (by completing payment
of application monies) until 12:00 noon on the last day for submitting applications, when the application lists
close.

If there is a “black” rainstorm warning or a tropical cyclone warning signal number 8 or above in force in Hong
Kong at any time between 9:00 a.m. and 12:00 noon on Tuesday, October 23, 2018, the application lists will
not open and will close on that day. Further information is set out in the section headed “How to Apply for
Hong Kong Offer Shares – Effect of Bad Weather on the Opening of the Application Lists” in this prospectus.

Applicants who apply for Hong Kong Offer Shares by giving electronic application instructions to HKSCC
via CCASS should refer to the section headed “How to Apply for Hong Kong Offer Shares – Applications for
Hong Kong Offer Shares – Applying by giving Electronic Application Instructions to HKSCC via CCASS”
in this prospectus.

The Price Determination Date is expected to be on or about Tuesday, October 23, 2018, and in any event, not
later than Tuesday, October 30, 2018. If, for any reason, the Offer Price is not agreed between the Joint Global
Coordinators (for themselves and on behalf of the Underwriters) and us on or before Tuesday, October 30,
2018, the Global Offering will not proceed and will lapse.

(6)

None of the websites or any of the information contained on the websites forms part of this prospectus.

(7)

Share certificates for the Hong Kong Offer Shares are expected to be issued on Tuesday, October 30, 2018,
but will only become valid certificates of title provided that the Global Offering has become unconditional in
all respects prior to 8:00 a.m. on Wednesday, October 31, 2018. Investors who trade Shares on the basis of
publicly available allocation details prior to the receipt of Share certificates or prior to the Share certificates
becoming valid certificates of title do so entirely at their own risk.

e-Refund payment instructions/refund cheques will be issued in respect of wholly or partially unsuccessful
applications pursuant to the Hong Kong Offering and in respect of successful applicants in the event that the
final Offer Price is less than the price payable per Offer Share on application.

The above expected timetable is a summary only. For details of the structure of the Global
Offering, including its conditions, and the procedures for applications for Hong Kong Offer
Shares, please refer to the sections headed “Structure of the Global Offering” and “How to
Apply for Hong Kong Offer Shares” in this prospectus, respectively.

– ii –

