DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Save as disclosed above, no other payments have been paid or are payable in respect of

the Track Record Period to our Directors by our Group.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Audit Committee

We have established an audit committee in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing
Rules and the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules. The
primary duties of the audit committee are to review and supervise the financial reporting
process and internal controls system of the Group, review and approve connected transactions
and to advise the Board. The audit committee comprises two independent non-executive
Directors and one non-executive Director, namely Ms. Joyce I-yin Hsu, Mr. Shuyun Chen and
Dr. Kaixian Chen. Ms. Hsu, being the chairman of the committee, is appropriately qualified as
required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the Listing Rules.

Remuneration Committee

We have established a remuneration committee in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the
Listing Rules and the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules.
The primary duties of the remuneration committee are to review and make recommendations
to the Board regarding the terms of remuneration packages, bonuses and other compensation
payable to our Directors and senior management. The remuneration committee comprises Ms.
Joyce I-yin Hsu, Dr. De-Chao Michael Yu and Dr. Kaixian Chen. Ms. Hsu is the chairman of
the committee.

Nomination Committee

We have established a nomination committee in compliance with the Corporate
Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules. The primary duties of the
nomination committee are to make recommendations to our Board regarding the appointment
of Directors and Board succession. The nomination committee comprises Dr. De-Chao Michael
Yu, Dr. Kaixian Chen and Dr. Charles Leland Cooney. Dr. Yu is the chairman of the committee.

Strategy Committee

We have established a strategy committee in order to monitor the strategy and business
planning of our Company. The primary duties of the strategy committee are to provide overall
strategic oversight and to review the execution of business plans and performance indicators
of the Group. The strategy committee comprises Dr. De-Chao Michael Yu, Dr. Charles Leland
Cooney, Mr. Shuyun Chen and Mr. Ronald Hao Xi Ede. Dr. Yu is the chairman of this
committee.

– 380 –

