RISK FACTORS

In addition, while we typically require our employees, consultants and contractors who
may be involved in the development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning
such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with
each party who in fact develops intellectual property that we regard as our own, and
furthermore, the assignment of intellectual property rights may not be self-executing, or the
assignment agreements may be breached, each of which may result in claims by or against us
related to the ownership of such intellectual property. If we fail in prosecuting or defending any
such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual
property rights. Even if we are successful in prosecuting or defending against such claims,
litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management and scientific
personnel and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations, and prospects.

We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights for our development
pipeline through acquisitions and in-licenses.

Because our programs may involve additional drug candidates that may require the use
of proprietary rights held by third parties, the growth of our business may depend in part on
our ability to acquire and maintain licenses or other rights to use these proprietary rights. We
may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of use, or other intellectual
property rights from third parties that we identify. The licensing and acquisition of third-party
intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and a number of more established companies
are also pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we
may consider attractive or necessary. These established companies may have a competitive
advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and greater clinical development and
commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may
be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. We also may be unable to license or acquire third
party intellectual property rights on terms that would allow us to make an appropriate return
on our investment or at all. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to required third-party
intellectual property rights or maintain the existing intellectual property rights we have, we
may have to abandon development of the relevant program or drug candidate, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects for growth.

If we fail
to comply with our obligations in the agreements under which we license
intellectual property rights from third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our
business relationships with our licensors, we could be required to pay monetary damages or
could lose license rights that are important to our business.

We have entered into license agreements with third parties providing us with rights to
various third-party intellectual property, including rights in patents and patent applications.
These license agreements impose diligence, development or commercialization timelines and
milestone payment, royalty, insurance and other obligations on us. If we fail to comply with
our obligations under our current or future license agreements, our counterparties may have the
right
in which event we might not be able to develop,

to terminate these agreements,

– 88 –

