SUMMARY

OUR PLATFORM

We have created a fully-integrated platform for the discovery, development, manufacture
and commercialization of antibody drug candidates in the fields of oncology, ophthalmology,
and autoimmune and metabolic diseases. The full integration of our platform enables smooth
collaboration between different functional groups at key points in the lifecycle of a drug
candidate with the aim of increasing the speed of development and likelihood of success while
at the same time reducing the cost of development. In addition, our platform has been stress
tested through the development of sintilimab and the biosimilar drugs in our pipeline by
requiring each functional group to perfect their process, approach and collaboration skills.

Within the short period of time since our inception, we have successfully built up all the
necessary capabilities of a fully-integrated biologics platform company. These capabilities are
housed in four main functional platforms: drug discovery and pre-clinical development, CMC
and manufacturing, clinical development, and commercialization. These individual functional
platforms have been optimized and great attention has been given to building cross-function
integration. In addition, an efficient operating system for these individual functional platforms
has been built, laying a solid foundation for bringing our strong pipeline of innovative drugs
from inception through manufacturing and commercialization.

The following chart illustrates the four main functions of our fully-integrated platform.

MANUFACTURING FACILITIES

We operate our manufacturing facilities on our main campus in Suzhou that are designed
to comply with both Chinese and international drug manufacturing standards. From our
inception, we have focused on constructing and operating manufacturing facilities that are
designed to meet rigorous international good manufacturing practice (GMP) standards. We
have undergone ordinary course, comprehensive annual audits of our production facility to
evaluate compliance with industry GMP and quality compliance standards.

– 8 –

