INFORMATION ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS AND THE GLOBAL OFFERING

PROFESSIONAL TAX ADVICE RECOMMENDED

Potential investors in the Global Offering are recommended to consult their professional
advisers if they are in any doubt as to the taxation implications of subscribing for, holding and
dealing in the Shares or exercising any rights attached to them. It is emphasised that none of
the Company, the Joint Sponsors, the Joint Global Coordinators, the Joint Bookrunners, the
Joint Lead Managers, the Underwriters, any of their respective affiliates, directors, supervisors,
employees, agents or advisers or any other party involved in the Global Offering accepts
responsibility for any tax effects on, or liabilities of holders of the Shares resulting from the
subscription, purchase, holding or disposal of the Shares or exercising any rights attached to
them.

EXCHANGE RATE CONVERSION

Solely for your convenience, this prospectus contains translations of certain Renminbi
amounts into Hong Kong dollars, of Renminbi amounts into U.S. dollars and of Hong Kong
dollars into U.S. dollars at specified rates.

Unless we indicate otherwise, the translation of Renminbi into Hong Kong dollars, of
Renminbi into U.S. dollars and of Hong Kong dollars into U.S. dollars, and vice versa, in this
prospectus was made at the following rates:

RMB0.8817 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
RMB6.9019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
HK$7.8282 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

to HK$1.00
to US$1.00
to US$1.00

No representation is made that any amounts in Renminbi, Hong Kong dollars or U.S.
dollars can be or could have been at the relevant dates converted at the above rates or any other
rates or at all.

LANGUAGE

If there is any inconsistency between the English version of this prospectus and the
Chinese translation of this prospectus, the English version of this prospectus shall prevail
unless otherwise stated. However, if there is any inconsistency between the names of any of
the entities mentioned in this English prospectus which are not in the English language and
their English translations, the names in their respective original languages shall prevail.

ROUNDING

Any discrepancies in any table in this prospectus between total and sum of amounts listed

therein are due to rounding.

– 130 –

