SUMMARY

subject to lock-up arrangements at the time of Listing. For further details regarding the key
terms of these agreements and the lock-up arrangements, please see the section headed
“History, Development and Corporate Structure – Pre-IPO Investments”.

Our broad and diverse base of Pre-IPO Investors consists of private equity and venture
capital funds and investment holding companies, some with specific focus on the healthcare
industry. For further details of the identity and background of the Pre-IPO Investors, please see
the section headed “History, Development and Corporate Structure – IPO Investments – 4.
Information on our Pre-IPO Investors”.

SUMMARY OF KEY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

This summary historical data of financial information set forth below have been derived
from, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated audited financial statements,
including the accompanying notes, set forth in the Accountants’ Report set out in Appendix I
to this prospectus, as well as the information set forth in “Financial Information” of this
prospectus. Our financial information was prepared in accordance with IFRS.

Summary Data from Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss

We currently have no products approved for commercial sale and have not generated any
revenue from product sales. We did not recognize any revenue from our business in 2016. We
recognized RMB18.5 million and RMB4.4 million of revenue in 2017 and the six months ended
June 30, 2018, respectively, all of which was generated from the license granted to a
biopharmaceutical company in China in 2017 and research and development services provided
to this company starting from the second half of 2017. Our other income consists of bank
interest income and government grants income and the increases in our other income from 2016
to 2017 and from the first half of 2017 to the first half of 2018 were primarily attributable to
more research and development activities of us that are eligible for government subsidies. Our
other gains and losses consist of unrealized gains and losses related to (i) fair value changes
of wealth management plans (financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value through profit
and loss), (ii) fair value changes of other financial liabilities measured at fair value through
profit and loss, and (iii) changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The increase in our other
gains and losses from 2016 to 2017 was primarily attributable to (i) the return we received on
the wealth management plans we purchased in 2017 by using a portion of the proceeds from
the Series D equity financing, partially offset by (ii) the fair value adjustment we made to the
outstanding convertible redeemable preferred shares and (iii) the impact of depreciation of
USD on our funds that are denominated in USD. The increase of other gains and losses from
the first half of 2017 to the first half of 2018 was primarily attributable to the downward
adjustment on the fair value of our previous rounds of preferred shares as the Series E preferred
shares issued in the first half of 2018 have liquidation preference over the preferred shares
issued in previous rounds and the impact of depreciation of RMB against USD on our funds
that are denominated in USD. We may incur losses for the following years and these losses are
expected to increase as we continue to expand our development of, and seek regulatory
approvals for, our drug candidates, and continue to build up our commercialization and sales
workforce in anticipation of the NMPA’s potential approval of our NDA for sintilimab.

– 10 –

