CORNERSTONE INVESTORS

Certain of the Cornerstone Investors, namely Seacliff (Cayman) Ltd., Dwyer (Cayman)
Ltd., LAV Biosciences Fund IV, L.P. and Elbrus Investments Pte. Ltd., are existing
Shareholders or their affiliates. Pursuant to Paragraph 5.2 of Stock Exchange Guidance letter
HKEX-GL92-18 and the waiver from Rule 9.09(b) of the Listing Rules as further described in
the section headed “Waivers from Compliance with the Listing Rules and Exemptions from the
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance”, Seacliff (Cayman) Ltd.,
Dwyer (Cayman) Ltd., LAV Biosciences Fund IV, L.P. and Elbrus Investments Pte. Ltd. are
permitted to participate in the Cornerstone Placing.

The Cornerstone Investors who are existing Shareholders or their affiliates include
Seacliff (Cayman) Ltd., Dwyer (Cayman) Ltd., Cormorant Asset Management, LP, LAV
Biosciences Fund IV, L.P., Rock Springs Capital Master Fund LP and Elbrus Investments Pte.
Ltd..

Details of allocation to the Cornerstone Investors will be disclosed in the announcement

of allotment results of our Company to be published on or about October 30, 2018.

THE CORNERSTONE INVESTORS

The information about our Cornerstone Investors set forth below has been provided by the

Cornerstone Investors in connection with the Cornerstone Placing.

1.

Seacliff and Dwyer

Seacliff (Cayman) Ltd. (“Seacliff”) and Dwyer (Cayman) Ltd. (“Dwyer”) are wholly-
owned by Capital International Private Equity Fund VI, L.P. (“CIPEF VI”) and CGPE VI, L.P.
(“CGPE VI”) respectively. CIPEF VI is a US$3 billion global emerging markets private equity
fund which is managed by Capital International, Inc., a subsidiary of The Capital Group
Companies, a leading global
investment management organization with over 85 years of
experience. CGPE VI is an employee vehicle of The Capital Group Companies that co-invests
alongside CIPEF VI. For
to the section headed “History,
Development and Corporate Structure – 4. Information on our Pre-IPO Investors”.

further details, please refer

Seacliff and Dwyer have agreed to subscribe for such number of Offer Shares (rounded
down to the nearest whole board lot) which may be purchased for an aggregate amount of
US$20,000,000 (or approximately HK$156,564,000 calculated based on the conversion rate of
US$1.000 to HK$7.8282 for illustrative purposes only) at the Offer Price.

Assuming the Offer Price of HK$12.50 (being the low-end of the Offer Price range set out
in this prospectus), the total aggregate number of Shares to be subscribed for by Seacliff and
Dwyer will be 12,524,500 Shares (rounded down to the nearest whole board lot and calculated
based on the conversion of the investment amount made in US$ being converted at the rate of
US$1.000 to HK$7.8282 for illustrative purposes only), representing approximately 5.30% of
the Offer Shares and approximately 1.12% of the Shares in issue immediately upon completion
of the Global Offering, assuming the Over-allotment Option is not exercised and no shares are
issued pursuant to the Equity Plans.

Assuming the Offer Price of HK$13.25 (being the mid-point of the Offer Price range set
out in this prospectus), the total aggregate number of Shares to be subscribed for by Seacliff

– 359 –

