APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Impairment of financial assets

The Group recognises a loss allowance for ECL on investments in debt instruments that are measured at
amortised cost. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial
recognition of the respective financial instrument.

The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables. The ECL on these financial assets are
estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that
are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current as well as the forecast
direction of conditions at the reporting date, including time value of money where appropriate.

increased significantly since initial recognition,

For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises lifetime ECL when there has been a significant
increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If, on the other hand, the credit risk on the financial instrument has
not
the Group measures the loss allowance for that financial
instrument at an amount equal to twelve-months ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised
is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition instead of
on evidence of a financial asset being credit-impaired at the reporting date or an actual default occurring.

Lifetime ECL represent the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of a
financial instrument. In contrast, twelve-months ECL (“12m ECL”) represent the portion of lifetime ECL that is
expected to result from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within twelve months after the
reporting date.

Significant increase in credit risk

In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial

instrument has increased significantly since initial
recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date
with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this
assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable,
including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.
Forward-looking information considered includes the future prospects of the industries in which the Group’s debtors
operate, obtained from economic expert reports, financial analysts, governmental bodies, relevant think-tanks and
other similar organisations, as well as consideration of various external sources of actual and forecast economic
information that relate to the Group’s core operations.

In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased

significantly since initial recognition:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or
internal credit rating;

significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk for a particular financial instrument,
e.g. a significant increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor, or the length
of time or the extent to which the fair value of a financial asset has been less than its amortised cost;

existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to
cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same debtor; and

an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt
obligations.

Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk on a financial
asset has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due,
unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

– I-21 –

