DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

She has been an associate member of The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries
and an associate member of The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators in United
Kingdom since 2015.

KEY TERMS OF EMPLOYMENT CONTRACTS

We normally enter into (i) an employment contract, (ii) a confidentiality and intellectual
property rights agreement, and (iii) a non-competition agreement with our senior management
members and other key personnel. Below sets forth the key terms of these contracts we enter
into with our senior management and other key personnel.

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

Term: We normally enter into two-year employment contracts with our senior
management members and other key personnel.

No conflict: During the term of the employment contract, the employee shall not
engage in any part-time job or provide services to other employers which would
affect the employee’s employment with our Group. If the employee breaches this
provision, we may terminate the employment contract without providing any
compensation.

Intellectual property assignment. During the term of the contract, all technical
achievements made by the employee using the production, management and
technical information of the Company shall be the result of his employment. Apart
from the right of attribution, all other intellectual property rights in relation to these
achievements shall belong to the Company. During the term of the contract and for
one year after termination of such contract, all technical achievements made by the
employee while carrying out tasks or engaging in production or business activities
for the Company, and using the production, management and technical information
of the Company, shall belong to the Company in all respects (including ownership,
use rights, transfer rights and all other intellectual property rights. If such technical
achievements are subsequently patented, the patent rights and application rights also
belong to the Company.

Confidentiality

(cid:129)

Scope of confidential information. The employee shall keep the following information
confidential:

(i)

Information related to the business or potential business of the Group;

(ii) Business information created by the employee or Information in relation to any
projects disclosed to or engaged in by the employee during the course of
employment or business;

(iii) Information the suppliers, clients, potential or actual business partners of the Group
or its affiliates acknowledge as confidential, for which the Group bears the
obligations of confidentiality; and

– 377 –

