REGULATIONS

Price controls

Instead of direct price controls which were historically used in China but abolished in
regulates drug prices mainly by establishing a centralized
and

June 2016,
procurement mechanism,
strengthening regulation of medical and pricing practices as discussed below.

the government

standards

improving medical

insurance

reimbursement

Centralized procurement and tenders

The Guiding Opinions concerning the Urban Medical and Health Care System Reform
(《關於城鎮醫藥衛生體制改革的指導意見》), promulgated in 2000, aim to regulate the
procurement process of pharmaceutical products by medical institutions. The MOH and other
relevant government authorities have promulgated a series of regulations and rules in order to
implement the tender requirements. According to the Notice on Issuing Certain Regulations on
the Trial Implementation of Centralized Tender Procurement of Drugs by Medical Institutions
(《醫療機構藥品集中招標採購試點工作若干規定的通知》) promulgated in 2000 and the
Notice on Further Improvement on the Implementation of Centralized Tender Procurement of
Drugs by Medical Institutions (《關於進一步做好醫療機構藥品集中招標採購工作的通知》)
promulgated in 2001, medical
institutions established by government or
state-owned
enterprises are required to implement centralized tender procurement of drugs.

The centralized tender process takes the form of public tender operated and organized by
provincial or municipal government authorities. The centralized tender process is generally
conducted once a year in the relevant provinces or cities in China. The bids are assessed by a
committee composed of pharmaceutical and medical experts who are randomly selected from
a pool of experts approved by the relevant government authorities. The committee members
assess the bids based on a number of factors, including but not limited to, bid price, product
quality, clinical effectiveness, product safety, qualifications and reputation of the manufacturer,
after-sale services and innovation. Only pharmaceuticals that have won in the centralized
tender process may be purchased by public medical institutions funded by the government or
state-owned enterprise in the relevant region.

Insurance reform

The Opinions on Integrating the Basic Medical Insurance Systems for Urban and Rural
Residents (《關於整合城鄉居民基本醫療保險制度的意見》) issued by the State Council on
January 3, 2016, call for the integration of the urban resident basic medical insurance and the
new rural cooperative medical care system and the establishment of a unified basic medical
insurance system, which will cover all urban and rural residents other than rural migrant
workers and persons in flexible employment arrangement who participate in the basic medical
insurance for urban employees.

According to the Main Tasks of Healthcare System Reform in 2016 (《深化醫藥衛生體
制改革2016年重點工作任務》) issued by the General Office of the State Council on April 21,
2016, the key tasks of the medical insurance reform are: (1) to advance the establishment of

– 180 –

