FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Development milestone revenue is recognized when we can conclude that it is highly
probable that there will not be a subsequent reversal of a significant amount of such revenue.
With respect to payment for services that are not due from customers until the development
milestones are completed, a contract asset is recognized over the period in which such services
are performed.

License Fee Income

We license our patented intellectual property or right to commercialize our products to
customers. The consideration for licensing consists of a fixed element (the upfront payment)
and variable elements (including, but not limited to, development milestones and sales-based
royalties). The upfront fee is recognized as revenue when customers have the ability to use the
underlying intellectual property of the licence. Development milestones are recognized as
revenue when we conclude that it is highly probable that there will not be a subsequent reversal
of a significant amount of such revenue. Sales-based royalties are not recognized until a
customer starts selling products that are manufactured by using the licensed intellectual
property or the right to commercialization.

Research and Development Expenses

Research and development expenses incurred on our drug candidate pipelines are
capitalized and deferred only when we can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing
the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale, our intention to complete such
intangible asset and our ability to use or sell such intangible asset, that such intangible asset
will generate future economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete the pipeline
and our ability to measure reliably the expenditure during the development. Research and
development expenses which do not meet
these criteria are expensed when incurred.
Management will assess the progress of each research and development project and determine
whether the criteria are met for capitalization. During the Track Record Period, all research and
development expenses are expensed when incurred.

Equity-settled Share-based Payment Transactions

Equity-settled share-based payment to employees (including directors of the Company)
are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments as of the grant date. The fair value
determined at the grant date of the equity-settled share-based payment is expensed on a
straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on our estimate of equity instruments that will
eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in the share-based payment reserve. At the end
of each reporting period, we review our estimates of the number of equity instruments expected
to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the
revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognized in profit or loss such that the cumulative
expense reflects the revised estimates, with a corresponding adjustment to the share based
payment reserve. For share options that vest immediately at the date of grant, the fair value of
the share options granted is expensed immediately to profit or loss.

– 320 –

