BUSINESS

(cid:129)

IBI-303 is an anti-TNF-␣ monoclonal antibody and our biosimilar product candidate
to adalimumab (Humira). Adalimumab has been approved by the FDA for the
treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile idiopathic arthritis, psoriatic arthritis,
ankylosing spondylitis, Crohn’s disease, ulcerative colitis and psoriasis, and it has
been approved in China for
rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis and
psoriasis. Humira had worldwide sales of US$18.9 billion in 2017, according to the
Frost & Sullivan Report.

Our IND applications for IBI-305, IBI-301 and IBI-303 were approved by the NMPA in
May 2016, September 2014 and December 2015, respectively, in each case in accordance with
the biosimilar regulatory development pathway based on the demonstrated similarity to their
respective reference products in the CMC and pre-clinical studies. We have not had material
communications with the NMPA since the approval of our IND applications and we are not
aware of any material concern from the NMPA in connection with these three biosimilar drug
candidates. Based on our internal review of the relevant clinical trial progress and preliminary
clinical observations, we expect to submit NDAs to the NMPA for IBI-305 and IBI-301 in the
first quarter of 2019 and in the fourth quarter of 2019, respectively. For IBI-303, we had a
pre-NDA meeting with the NMPA on September 10, 2018, and based on internal review of the
clinical trial progress, we expect to submit an NDA to the NMPA in the fourth quarter of 2018.
The market size of biosimilars in China is expected to grow at a CAGR of 70.9% from RMB1.2
billion in 2017 to RMB16.9 billion in 2022, according to the Frost & Sullivan Report. We
believe there is potential for biosimilar drugs in China to surpass the sales of the innovator
drugs because of their greater affordability and because the biosimilars will be marketed to a
much larger population than the innovator drugs have historically targeted.

Robust pipeline of
candidates

innovative monoclonal antibody and bi-specific antibody drug

In addition to our four core products, we have a robust pipeline of innovative monoclonal
antibody drug candidates targeting diseases with largely unmet patient needs and significant
total addressable markets, including bi-specific antibody products that bind to two different
targets simultaneously. This pipeline includes two drug candidates that are currently in clinical
development in China and being pursued under China’s innovative drug registration pathway,
and it also includes four drug candidates for which IND applications have been approved in
China, including IBI-302:

(cid:129)

IBI-306 is a fully human monoclonal antibody drug candidate that we are
developing for the treatment of hyperlipidemia which is characterized by high levels
of lipids in the blood. It binds to a protein known as PCSK9 and is similar to
evolocumab (sold under the trade name Repatha by Amgen) and alirocumab (sold
under the trade name Praluent by Sanofi). These anti-PCSK9 antibody drugs have
been a significant advance in the treatment of high blood cholesterol and had
aggregate worldwide sales of US$490 million in 2017, according to the Frost &
Sullivan Report. Currently Repatha (evolocumab) is the only one marketed PCSK
inhibitor in China, which received the approval by the NMPA for the treatment of
hypercholesterolemia in August 2018. We are conducting a Phase 1 clinical trial of
IBI-306 in China.

– 220 –

