REGULATIONS

address approved by the pharmaceutical
regulatory authority. Where a pharmaceutical
enterprise knows or ought to know that any person operates pharmaceutical business without
the permits but still supplies such person with pharmaceutical products, the pharmaceutical
regulatory authority may give a disciplinary warning to the pharmaceutical enterprise, order
such enterprise to rectify the non-compliance and impose a fine of no more than RMB10,000.
In the case of a serious violation, such enterprise may be fined in an amount ranging from
RMB10,000 to RMB30,000.

According to the Administrative Measures for Certification of Good Supply Practices
(《藥品經營質量管理規範認證管理辦法》), promulgated by the State Food and Drug
Administration on April 24, 2003, and the Administrative Measures Governing the Good
Supply Practice of Pharmaceutical Products (《藥品經營質量管理規範》), promulgated on
April 30, 2000 and amended on June 30, 2016, each retail or wholesale supplier of
pharmaceutical products is required to obtain a GSP certificate from the NMPA. The GSP
certificate is valid for five years and shall be renewed three months prior to its expiration date
subject to a re-examination by the relevant authority.

Drug technology transfer regulations

On August 19, 2009,

the State Food and Drug Administration promulgated the
Administrative Regulations for Technology Transfer Registration of Drugs (《藥品技術轉讓註
冊管理規定》) to standardize the registration process of drug related technology transfer,
which includes the process of application for, and evaluation, examination, approval and
monitoring of, drug related technology transfer. Drug related technology transfer refers to the
transfer of drug production technology by the owner to a drug manufacturer and the application
for drug registration by the transferee according to the Administrative Regulations for
Technology Transfer Registration of Drugs. Drug related technology transfer includes new
drug related technology transfer and drug production technology transfer.

Other Drug Related Regulations

(cid:129)

Advertising of Drug Products

Pursuant

to the Criteria for Censoring Drug Advertisements (《藥品廣告審查發佈標
準》), which were promulgated and came into effect in 2007, an enterprise seeking to advertise
its drugs must apply for an advertisement approval code. The valid term of an advertisement
approval code for pharmaceuticals is one year. The content of an approved advertisement may
not be altered without prior approval. Where any alteration to the advertisement is needed, a
new advertisement approval code shall be obtained.

(cid:129)

Insert Sheet and Labels of Products

According to the Measures for the Administration of the Insert Sheets and Labels of
Drugs (《藥品說明書和標籤管理規定》) effective on June 1, 2006, the insert sheets and labels
of drugs should be reviewed and approved by the NMPA. A drug insert sheet should include

– 177 –

