SUMMARY

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS

We submitted our NDA for sintilimab for the treatment of relapsed/refractory classical
Hodgkin’s lymphoma on April 3, 2018, which was accepted by the NMPA on April 16, 2018.
We were granted priority review status on April 23, 2018. As of the Latest Practicable Date,
no material adverse change has occurred with respect to the regulatory review process in
relation to sintilimab.

We expect that our loss and total comprehensive expenses for the year ended December
31, 2018 will increase comparing to the year ended December 31, 2017, primarily due to the
expected loss on fair value changes of our convertible redeemable preferred shares from June
30, 2018 to the Listing Date and the expected increase in research and development expenses
especially on the clinical trials and development of the current pipeline candidates. While we
had net cash outflow, net losses and net liabilities during the Track Record Period, we believe
that the net proceeds from the Global Offering, together with our cash and cash equivalents and
other financial assets of RMB2,068.5 million as of June 30, 2018, will provide us with
sufficient working capital to cover at least 125% of our costs, including general administrative
costs, operating costs as well as research and development costs, for at least 12 months from
the date of this prospectus.

To date, we have raised approximately US$562.0 million from private equity financing
through the issuance of convertible redeemable preferred shares and put options over our
subsidiary’s ordinary shares. We classified these financial
instruments as other financial
liabilities which are measured at fair value through profit and loss, or FVTPL. During the Track
Record Period, the fair value changes of these financial instruments were calculated based on
the valuation result of the Company with reference to the valuation reports of an independent
and recognized international business valuer. Although our preferred shares will be
automatically converted to Shares upon the closing of the Global Offering, to the extent we
need to revalue the preferred shares prior to the closing of the Global Offering, any change in
fair value of these preferred shares could materially affect our financial positions and
performance. We recorded a loss on fair value changes of other financial liabilities measured
at FVTPL of RMB123.2 million and RMB51.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2016
and 2017, respectively, and recorded a gain on the same of RMB448.8 million for the six
months ended June 30, 2018.

On October 15, 2018, in consideration of future performance of their duties as Directors,
the Company granted bonuses in the total amount of approximately RMB201.02 million to
certain Directors to convert the subscription receivables for restricted shares and receivables
due from them (including the related tax liabilities), subject
to fulfilment of certain
terms of the Directors’ respective service
performance conditions. Based on the relevant
agreements (which reflected the relevant contractual terms of these Directors’ bonus plan), the
outstanding receivables (including subscription receivables) and the withholding tax resulting
from the share subscriptions and the grant of these bonuses as at October 15, 2018 were
converted to the bonuses paid in advance to these Directors. These Directors shall be liable to
return the whole or part of the bonuses and the relevant tax paid for them if certain performance
conditions are not satisfied in accordance with the relevant terms of the service agreements.
Please also see note 40(d) to the Accountants’ Report set out in Appendix I for further details.

Our Directors confirm that there has been no material adverse change in our financial,
operational positions or prospects since June 30, 2018, being the date of our consolidated
financial statements as set out in the Accountants’ Report included in Appendix I, and up to the
date of this prospectus.

GLOBAL OFFERING

This prospectus is published in connection with the Hong Kong Public Offering as part

of the Global Offering. The Global Offering comprises:

(i)

the Hong Kong Public Offering of 23,635,000 Offer Shares (subject to adjustment)
in Hong Kong as described in the section headed “Structure of the Global Offering
– The Hong Kong Public Offering” in this prospectus; and

– 14 –

