INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

PD-1/PD-L1 antibodies are expected to cover different indications in clinical therapies.
Currently available clinical data suggest that some of the most prevalent cancers in China, such
as lung, stomach, liver, colorectal and esophageal cancers, are responsive to PD-1/PD-L1
antibodies. According to Frost & Sullivan, the population of all cancer patients in China in
2017 is estimated to be around 4.2 million while the population of potentially addressable
patients for PD-1/PD-L1 antibodies in China in 2017, being a subset of the total cancer patient
population in China, is estimated to be around 3.4 million which, as is customarily calculated
in the industry, (given the relatively high correlation between a drug candidate being in Phase
3 clinical study for a particular cancer type and its success in obtaining regulatory approval for
treatment of such cancer type), is the total number of cancer patients in China with any cancer
indication which (i) is currently under Phase 3 clinical study for PD-1/PD-L1 antibodies in at
least one arm in China, (ii) has been under completed clinical study with results used as the
basis for NDA submissions in China for PD-1/PD-L1 antibodies, or (iii) has been approved to
receive PD-1/PD-L1 antibody treatment either in China or globally, in each case calculated
non-repetitively between indications as of September 2018. Frost & Sullivan estimates, based
on a combination of its hospital
that 90% of the
approximately 4.2 million cancer patients in China in 2017 have received some cancer drug
treatment, either alone or
(such as surgery or
radiotherapy), regardless of whether or how much such patients are responsive to any such drug
treatment.

in addition to any non-drug treatment

interviews and data from the NCCR,

Globally, as of August 9, 2018, there were (i) 698 clinical trials with a PD-1 antibody as
a component of combination therapy and 645 clinical
trials with a PD-1 antibody as a
monotherapy and (ii) 321 clinical trials with a PD-L1 antibody as a component of combination
therapy and 143 clinical trials with a PD-L1 antibody as a monotherapy. In China, only two
PD-1 antibodies, Bristol-Myers Squibb’s Opdivo (nivolumab) and Merck’s Keytruda
(pembrolizumab), have received marketing approval from the NMPA, and no PD-L1 antibodies
have received marketing approval from NMPA. However, three domestic companies have filed
NDAs for their PD-1 antibodies, and various international and domestic PD-1 antibodies are
in clinical trials for multiple indications. In China, as of August 9, 2018, there were (i) 34
clinical trials with a PD-1 antibody as a component of combination therapy and 55 clinical
trials with a PD-1 antibody as a monotherapy and (ii) 17 clinical trials with a PD-L1 antibody
as a component of combination therapy and 19 clinical trials with a PD-L1 antibody as a
monotherapy.

Market Trends and Growth Drivers of PD-1 and PD-L1 Antibodies in China

According to the Frost & Sullivan Report, the growth of China’s PD-1 and PD-L1

antibody market is driven by the following key factors:

Enlarging Patient Pool – The number of cancer patients is projected to increase at a faster
there are limited cancer
pace and reach approximately 4.8 million in 2022. However,
treatments for the enlarging cancer patient pool. PD-1 antibodies have the ability to address
such unmet clinical needs with superior efficacy and less side effects.

Emerging Combination Therapies – As PD-1 and PD-L1 antibodies are being tried in
more combination therapies, it is expected that there will be more approved indications for
combination therapies and greater usage of PD-1 and PD-L1 antibodies.

– 160 –

