CHAIRMAN’S LETTER

The reality is that there is a huge gap between China’s biopharmaceutical industry and
international industry standards. China’s biopharmaceutical production capacity is less than
one-fiftieth of that of the United States, and not even one-tenth of that of South Korea. Among
the top ten best-selling drugs in the world, eight are biologics and five are monoclonal antibody
drugs, while China’s bestselling drugs are still mostly chemical drugs and traditional Chinese
medicines. Imported drugs dominate China’s antibody drug market, and for most Chinese
patients, these life-saving drugs are often unaffordable and out of reach.

Developing high-quality biopharmaceutical products that are affordable to ordinary
people will allow everyone to reap the benefits of the development of life sciences and
technology on an equal footing.

Innovent is my answer to the question about the ultimate purpose of scientific exploration
and my life’s choice. In 2011, Innovent was established and all of us at Innovent began our
journey to pursue this goal.

Businesses pursue profit but we do everything we can to offer high quality

biopharmaceuticals at a reasonable price.

Therefore, from our inception, we have been committed to building a company that, on
one hand, is deeply committed to product quality and global standards the way that established
multinational biopharmaceutical companies are, and on the other hand, maintains the
pioneering and competitive spirit that is the hallmark of successful Chinese companies.

This commitment has fueled our extraordinary development.

Our dedication to high quality standards has allowed us to focus on monoclonal
antibodies, while adhering to the highest
international standards for the development of
innovative drugs. In the past seven years, we have established a product pipeline that includes
17 antibody drug candidates covering four major disease areas – oncology, ophthalmology, and
autoimmune and cardiovascular diseases, which are in various stages of clinical development,
including four drug candidates close to commercialization.

Our sincere desire to make medicine affordable to ordinary people has inspired us to build
a “central kitchen” for the value chain of high-end biological drugs from discovery,
to
development, to commercialization, and has successfully transformed Innovent from a product
company to a platform company.

The past seven years have been seven years of hard work for all of us at Innovent. We
have grown from a startup company with only one office to one of the most successful unicorn
enterprises in China.

In these seven years, we have continuously experienced the pride of achievement brought

about by our hard work.

– vi –

