BUSINESS

Abbreviation: NRDL = national reimbursement drug list of China; PRDL = provincial reimbursement drug list; “No”
means that the drug is not list in the NRDL or the PRDL even though it is marketed; “N.A.” means, with respect to
retail price, not available, and with respect to NRDL/PRDL, not applicable because the drug candidate is not
marketed yet.

*

(1)

for a marketed product, it refers to the NMPA approval date; for a clinical stage product, it refers to the date
when the information about clinical trials is published for the first time (首次公示日期); for a product with
NDA submitted and the NDA result pending, it refers to the date of NDA submission.

Merck has publicly announced its patient assistance program for Keytruda, subject to its right to cancel at
anytime, which provides the patients for certain indications and with proven financial difficulties with free
Keytruda for a certain period of time.

Current PD-1 Therapies and Limitations

Immunotherapy has become a lifesaving therapy for some patients with previously
incurable cancers. Some types of cancers are exquisitely sensitive to immunotherapy with
antibodies that bind to immune checkpoint proteins, and in so doing, stimulate the immune
system to attack cancer cells. In patients with melanoma, Hodgkin’s disease and Merkel cell
carcinoma, the majority have demonstrated substantial clinical benefit from treatment with
these new types of therapy.

Two PD-1 antibodies, pembrolizumab and nivolumab, have been approved outside China
for the treatment of several types of cancer, including melanoma, non-small cell lung cancer
(NSCLC), Hodgkin’s lymphoma, gastric cancer, microsatellite instability high (MSI-H)
cancers, head and neck cancer, urothelial cancer, MSI-H/dMMR colorectal cancer, liver cancer,
kidney cancer, bladder cancer, cervical cancer and primary mediastinal large B-cell lymphoma.
One PD-1 antibody, nivolumab, has been approved in China for the treatment of locally
advanced or metastatic NSCLC.
antibodies,
atezolizumab, avelumab and durvalumab, have been approved by the FDA for the treatment of
a few types of cancers: metastatic NSCLC,
locally advanced or metastatic urothelial
carcinoma, and metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma. Unfortunately, less than 20% of all cancer
patients have a clinically meaningful response to these approved PD-1 or PD-L1 antibody
therapies.

three PD-L1 monoclonal

In addition,

The clinical efficacy of an antibody drug depends upon several factors. The most
important factor is the ability of the antibody to bind to the target with sufficient strength and
duration. The currently approved antibodies against PD-1, pembrolizumab and nivolumab,
have biological characteristics that could be enhanced, such as binding affinity and durations
of target engagement.

Advantages

Sintilimab (IBI-308) has the potential to be a global best-in-class PD-1 antibody, based
on characteristics that were designed into sintilimab that improve the biological properties
compared to other well-studied PD-1 antibody drugs such as pembrolizumab and nivolumab.
We believe sintilimab potentially has the following competitive advantages:

Higher binding affinity for PD-1

A major contributor to the action of an antibody in the body is how the antibody engages
the target, including how tightly the antibody binds its antigen and how long the antibody stays
bound to the antigen.

– 229 –

