RISK FACTORS

We have no experience in launching and marketing drug candidates. If we are unable to
further develop marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties
to market and sell our drug candidates, we may not be able to generate product sales
revenue.

We have not yet demonstrated an ability to launch and commercialize any of our drug
candidates. For example, we only recently started the process of building a commercial team
and a sales force for our drug candidates. As a result, our ability to successfully commercialize
our drug candidates may involve more inherent risk, take longer, and cost more than it would
if we were a company with experience launching and marketing drug candidates.

We will have to compete with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to
recruit, hire, train and retain marketing and sales personnel. If we are unable to, or decide not
to, further develop internal sales, marketing and commercial distribution capabilities for any
or all of our drug candidates, we will likely pursue collaborative arrangements regarding the
sales and marketing of our drug candidates. However, there can be no assurance that we will
be able to establish or maintain such collaborative arrangements, or if we are able to do so, that
they will have effective sales forces. Any revenue we receive will depend upon the efforts of
such third parties. We would have little or no control over the marketing and sales efforts of
such third parties, and our revenue from product sales may be lower than if we had
commercialized our drug candidates ourselves. We also face competition in our search for third
parties to assist us with the sales and marketing efforts for our drug candidates.

There can be no assurance that we will be able to further develop and successfully
maintain in-house sales and commercial distribution capabilities or establish or maintain
relationships with third-party collaborators to successfully commercialize any product, and as
a result, we may not be able to generate product sales revenue.

We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing or
commercializing competing drugs before or more successfully than we do.

The development and commercialization of new drugs is highly competitive and subject
to rapid and significant technological change. We face competition from major pharmaceutical
companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies worldwide.
There are a number of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that currently market
and sell drugs or are pursuing the development of drugs for the treatment of cancer or other
indications for which we are developing our drug candidates. Potential competitors also
include academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research
organizations that conduct
research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative
arrangements for research, development, manufacturing and commercialization. We anticipate
that we will face intense and increasing competition as new drugs enter the market and
advanced technologies become available. In particular, the competition in therapeutic areas
such as oncology and autoimmune diseases to which our Core Products belong is extremely
fierce given the abundance of existing competing drugs and drug candidates that continue to
increase competition in the market.

– 75 –

