RISK FACTORS

There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws, rules and
regulations.

A large portion of our operations are conducted in China through our PRC subsidiaries,
and are governed by PRC laws, rules and regulations. Our PRC subsidiaries are subject to laws,
rules and regulations applicable to foreign investment in China. The PRC legal system is a civil
law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions
may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value.

In 1979, the PRC government began to promulgate a comprehensive system of laws, rules
and regulations governing economic matters in general. The overall effect of legislation over
the past three decades has significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of
foreign investment in China. However, China has not developed a fully integrated legal system,
and recently enacted laws, rules and regulations may not sufficiently cover all aspects of
economic activities in China or may be subject to significant degrees of interpretation by PRC
regulatory agencies. In particular, because these laws, rules and regulations are relatively new
and often give the relevant regulator significant discretion in how to enforce them, and because
of the limited number of published decisions and the nonbinding nature of such decisions, the
interpretation and enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations involve uncertainties and
can be inconsistent and unpredictable. In addition, the PRC legal system is based in part on
government policies and internal rules, some of which are not published on a timely basis or
at all, and which may have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our
violation of these policies and rules until after the occurrence of the violation.

A draft of the proposed PRC Foreign Investment Law (《中華人民共和國外國投資法》),
or the Foreign Investment Law, is being considered and there are substantial uncertainties with
respect to the enactment timetable and the final content of the Foreign Investment Law. If
enacted as proposed, the Foreign Investment Law may materially impact our current corporate
governance practices and business operations in many aspects and may increase our
compliance costs. For instance, the proposed Foreign Investment Law would impose stringent
ad hoc and periodic information reporting requirements on foreign investors and the applicable
foreign invested entities. Depending on the seriousness of the circumstances, non-compliance
with the information reporting obligations, concealment of
information or providing
misleading or false information could result in monetary fines or criminal charges. In addition,
the draft Foreign Investment Law embodies an expected PRC regulation trend of rationalizing
the foreign investment regulatory regime in line with prevailing international practice and the
legislative efforts to unify the corporate legal requirements for both foreign and domestic
investments.

Additionally,

the drug approval system may face
implementation challenges. The timing and full impact of such reforms is uncertain and could
prevent us from commercializing our drug candidates in a timely manner.

the NMPA’s recent

reform of

In addition, any administrative and court proceedings in China may be protracted,
resulting in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. Since PRC
administrative
significant discretion in interpreting and

authorities have

and court

– 106 –

