BUSINESS

Certain of our subsidiaries in China have labor unions and our employees may voluntarily
join the relevant labor unions. We believe that we maintain a good working relationship with
our employees and we have not experienced any significant labor disputes or any significant
difficulty in recruiting staff for our operations.

Training and Development

We provide formal and comprehensive company-level and department-level training to
our new employees, which usually takes two days, followed by on-the-job training, which takes
about two months. We also provide training and development programs to our employees from
time to time to ensure their awareness and compliance with our various policies and
procedures. Given our emphasis on operating a fully-integrated platform for our drug
development processes, some of the training is conducted jointly by different groups and
departments serving different functions but working with or supporting each other in our
day-to-day operations.

Employee Benefits

Our employees’ remuneration comprises salaries, bonuses, employees provident fund and
social security contributions and other welfare payments. In accordance with applicable
Chinese laws, we have made contributions to social security insurance funds (including
pension plans, medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, unemployment insurance and
maternity insurance) and housing funds for our employees. As of the Latest Practicable Date,
we had complied with all statutory social security insurance fund and housing fund obligations
applicable to us under Chinese laws in all material aspects.

LAND AND PROPERTIES

We built our main campus on 71,104.49 m2 of land in the Suzhou Industrial Park which
we purchased in 2015. This site includes manufacturing, research, administrative and ancillary
buildings with a total of 81,779.98 m2 of floor space. This includes 45,909.64 m2 of floor space
for manufacturing facilities and 35,870.34 m2 of floor space for laboratories, ancillary
buildings and offices, some of which is reserved for future expansion. Our main campus also
includes animal laboratories, water treatment facilities, warehouses for storing drugs and
chemicals, and a cafeteria and other facilities for employees. Below is a photograph of our
main campus in Suzhou.

– 306 –

