BUSINESS

Our

fully-integrated platform is capable of addressing the common challenges in
immunogenicity,

engineered antibodies in relation to devising safety measures against
manufacturing for product stability, scaling-up for purity and yield.

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

independently or

Immunogenicity: Our platform discovers and develops antibodies that are fully
human for the purpose of minimizing immunogenicity. At the discovery stage, the
Company, either
in collaboration with its partners, designs
antibody molecules using human DNA sequences to mitigate immunogenicity risks
and also examines amino acid sequences against historical protein databases to
eliminate known immunogenicity risks. In addition, the Company designs antibodies
such that they have an array of desired properties, such as high target binding
affinity, desired Fc functions and high product quality, which in turn can lead to
clinical
and frequencies of drug
administration that
the
anti-PD-1 product, sintilimab, the Company understands the underlying mechanism
of action from the beginning at an early discovery stage, and examines its designed
properties throughout the development process. For instance, the Company monitors
immunogenicity closely during clinical studies to ensure product safety as well as
efficacy. Results
trials with sintilimab for
relapsed/refractory classical Hodgkin’s lymphoma have validated the Company’s
designs for sintilimab, with 1.1% immunogenicity observed.

relatively low dosages
reduces immunogenicity risks.

from the Company’s

In the case of

effectiveness

at

further

clinical

Manufacturing for product stability: As each antibody drug candidate goes through
the integrated platform from discovery to development and to manufacture, the
Company closely monitors the designed critical quality attributes (CQAs) of the
antibody that confer on safety and efficacy. The Company utilizes state-of-the-art
analytical techniques to ensure the consistency of product quality throughout the
manufacturing processes, as any deviation from the Company’s design can have
ramifications on the required exposure time and frequency on infusion, treatment
costs, and patient quality of life.

Scaling-up for purity and yield: The Company abides by, and in some areas even
goes above and beyond, global standards during the manufacturing process. For
instance, from toxicology study to clinical manufacturing and then to commercial
production, the Company controls the release of incoming raw materials using its
quality control system. With scaling-up of manufacturing,
the Company takes
advantage of the integrated platform to closely monitor, and ensure consistency of,
product yield and quality (including purity and impurities), product-related
heterogeneity and other general properties. The Company not only uses the
controlled raw material release methods to help ensure consistency of product
quality, but also employs an array of characterization methods
to ensure
comparability of product quality including Fc functions. Furthermore, the Company
conducts risk analyses and takes the Quality by Design (QbD) approach to apply
control strategy in its manufacturing processes including scale-ups.

– 291 –

