RISK FACTORS

In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or
unenforceability are commonplace, and there are numerous grounds upon which a third party
can assert invalidity or unenforceability of a patent. Grounds for a validity challenge could be
an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty,
obviousness, or non-enablement. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an
allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information
from the USPTO, or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. Third parties may also
raise similar claims before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad, even outside
the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include ex parte re-examination,
inter partes
review, post-grant review, derivation and equivalent proceedings in non-U.S. jurisdictions,
such as opposition proceedings. Such proceedings could result in revocation of or amendment
to our patents in such a way that they no longer cover and protect our drug candidates. The
outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. With
respect to the validity of our patents, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no
invalidating prior art of which we, our licensors, our or their patent counsel, and the patent
examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion
of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent
protection on our drug candidates. Such a loss of patent protection could have a material
adverse impact on our business.

We may not be able to prevent misappropriation of our trade secrets or confidential
information, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as
in the United States. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in
connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our trade secret or
other confidential
information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of
litigation.

If we are sued for infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating intellectual property
rights of third parties or engaging in unfair competition, such litigation could be costly and
time-consuming and could prevent or delay us from developing or commercializing our drug
candidates.

Our commercial success depends in part on our and our collaborators avoiding
infringement, misappropriation, and other violations of the patents and other intellectual
property rights of third parties. We are aware of numerous issued patents and pending patent
applications belonging to third parties that exist in fields in which we are developing our drug
candidates. There may also be third-party patents or patent applications of which we are
currently unaware, and given the dynamic area in which we operate, additional patents are
likely to issue that relate to aspects of our business. There is a substantial amount of litigation
and other claims and proceedings involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the
biotechnology
and
pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our drug
candidates may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others.

pharmaceutical

biotechnology

and

industries

generally. As

the

– 84 –

