BUSINESS

Pursuant to this agreement, Eli Lilly provided us with a non-refundable upfront payment
of US$36,000,000 on June 26, 2015 in consideration for its rights and obligations under the
agreement and separate from the sharing of development costs for sintilimab as described
above. Of this upfront payment amount, US$5,000,000 was paid to Adimab by Eli Lilly as
required by our collaboration with Adimab, which is described below in “– Collaboration
Agreement with Adimab”. We will also be entitled to milestone payments totaling up to
US$75,000,000 should sintilimab (IBI-308) achieve certain net sales milestones, in addition to
the sharing of profits and losses from the commercialization of IBI-301 and sintilimab as
described above.

Under the Lilly China Agreement, we and Eli Lilly established a joint steering committee
with equal representation from each party to coordinate and oversee development and
commercialization activities and decisions for the China Products, including periodic review
and approval of the budget of development costs for sintilimab that are subject to equal sharing
between us and Eli Lilly. In the event that the joint steering committee cannot agree on a
decision, however, we have final decision-making authority concerning the development of the
China Products. Neither party has unilateral final-decision making authority concerning either
decisions to downsize the development plan for either China Product, or decisions to increase
the development activities for sintilimab (IBI-308). Eli Lilly has final decision-making
authority on commercialization decisions following regulatory approval of the China Products.
Eli Lilly must use commercially reasonable efforts when exercising such decision-making
authority. If Eli Lilly elects not
to proceed with commercializing either China Product
following regulatory approval, such commercialization rights will revert to us and we do not
expect that it would result in any material negative impact on our business.

For risks relating to our collaboration with third parties, see the section headed “Risk

Factors – Risks Relating to Our Reliance on Third Parties.”

In the development and commercialization of the China Products, both we and Eli Lilly
maintain ownership of our respective background intellectual property rights. We will own all
intellectual property generated in connection with the development of (i) the China Products
and (ii) the unique cell lines for the China Products. We granted Eli Lilly an exclusive license
(with the right to sublicense) under certain of our patents, know-how and regulatory approvals
to commercialize the China Products in China. We control prosecution and enforcement of the
patents developed under the Lilly China Agreement related to IBI-301 and sintilimab. We
retain the right to develop, manufacture and to co-promote the China Products. We also
provided Eli Lilly a non-exclusive license to certain of our trademarks in connection with Eli
Lilly’s commercialization of the China Products in China. We similarly received a non-
exclusive license to Eli Lilly trademarks with the right to sublicense in connection with our
possible commercialization of the China Products.

The initial term of the Lilly China Agreement continues on a product-by-product and
region-by-region basis until fifteen years after the first commercial sale in a region of a China
Product and the Lilly China Agreement automatically renews thereafter for one-year periods
unless Eli Lilly provides written notice of its intent not to further commercialize such China

– 282 –

