APPENDIX IV

STATUTORY AND GENERAL INFORMATION

Takeover. If a general offer by way of takeover or otherwise (other than by way of scheme
of arrangement) is made to all of the shareholders of the Company (other than the offeror
and/or any person controlled by the offeror and/or any person acting in concert with the
offeror) and such offer becomes or is declared unconditional, the Company shall forthwith give
notice to the Grantees and the Grantees shall be entitled to receive the Shares in respect of the
vested Restricted Shares within any period specified in the notification.

Scheme of arrangement. If a general offer by way of scheme arrangement is made to all
of the shareholders of the Company and has been approved by the necessary number of
shareholders of the Company at the requisite meetings, the Company shall forthwith give
notice to the Grantees and the Grantees shall be entitled to receive the Shares in respect of the
vested and unvested Restricted Shares within any period specified in the notification.

Compromise or arrangement. In the event of a compromise or arrangement between the
Company and its shareholders and/or creditors being proposed in connection with a scheme for
the reconstruction of the Company or its amalgamation with any other companies pursuant to
the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Company was incorporated, the Company shall give
notice to all Grantees on the same day as it first gives notice of the meeting to its shareholders
and/or creditors summoning the meeting to consider such a scheme or arrangement. The
Grantee shall be entitled to receive the Shares in respect of the vested and unvested Restricted
Shares within any period specified in the notification. In any event, the Company shall procure
the Shares to be delivered to the Grantees no later than three days prior to the proposed
meeting.

(g) Non-transferability of the awards and Shares

Unless otherwise determined by the Committee and so provided in the applicable Award
Agreement, no Restricted Shares shall be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or
disposed of in any manner (whether by operation of law or otherwise) other than by will or
applicable laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a domestic relations order. Failure
to comply shall result in the Restricted Shares being forfeited.

(h) Rights of the grantees

Voting Rights. Where the Shares are delivered to and held by a nominee, trustee, or
custodian appointed by the Company for the purpose of implementation of the Restricted
Shares, regardless of whether the corresponding Restricted Shares have vested or not, such
nominee, trustee or custodian shall, as provided in the applicable trust deed or other similar
custodian documents entered into with the Company, exercise the shareholder’s rights attached
to the Shares, in particular, the right to vote at the Company’s shareholders’ meetings on behalf
of the Grantees.

– IV-44 –

