FINANCIAL INFORMATION

On October 15, 2018, in consideration of future performance of their duties as Directors,
the Company granted bonuses in the total amount of approximately RMB201.02 million to
certain Directors (including Dr. Yu) to convert the subscription receivables for restricted shares
and receivables due from them (including the related tax liabilities), subject to fulfilment of
certain performance conditions. Based on the relevant terms of the Directors’ respective service
agreements (which reflected the relevant contractual terms of these Directors’ bonus plan), the
outstanding receivables (including subscription receivables) and the withholding tax resulting
from the share subscriptions and the grant of these bonuses as at October 15, 2018 were
converted to the bonuses paid in advance to these Directors. These Directors shall be liable to
return the whole or part of the bonuses and the relevant tax paid for them if certain performance
conditions are not satisfied in accordance with the relevant terms of the service agreements.
Please also see note 40(d) to the Accountants’ Report set out in Appendix I for further details.

Our Directors confirm that our transactions with Dr. Yu during the Track Record Period
were conducted on an arm’s length basis, and they did not distort our results of operations or
make our historical results not reflective of our future performance.

DIVIDENDS

We have never declared or paid any dividends on our ordinary shares or any other
securities. We currently intend to retain all available funds and earnings, if any, to fund the
development and expansion of our business and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
in the foreseeable future.
Investors should not purchase our ordinary shares with the
expectation of receiving cash dividends.

Any future determination to pay dividends will be made at the discretion of our Directors
and may be based on a number of factors, including our future operations and earnings, capital
requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors
that our Directors may deem relevant.

DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

As of June 30, 2018, we did not have any distributable reserves.

LISTING EXPENSES

Listing expenses to be borne by us are estimated to be approximately HK$179.3 million
(including underwriting commission, assuming an Offer Price of HK$13.25 per Share, being
the mid-point of the indicative Offer Price range of HK$12.50 to HK$14.00 per Share),
assuming the Over-allotment Option is not exercised and no shares are issued pursuant to the
Equity Plans. No such expenses were recognized and charged to our consolidated statements
of profit or loss for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017. In the six months ended June
30, 2018, the listing expenses charged to profit or loss were RMB32.7 million and capitalized
to deferred issue costs were RMB6.3 million. After June 30, 2018, approximately HK$18.90
million is expected to be charged to our consolidated statements of profit or loss, and
approximately HK$116.19 million is expected to be accounted for as a deduction from equity
upon the Listing. The listing expenses above are the latest practicable estimate for reference
only, and the actual amount may differ from this estimate.

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA ADJUSTED CONSOLIDATED NET TANGIBLE ASSETS

Unaudited Pro Forma Statement of Adjusted Consolidated Net Tangible Assets of the
Group Attributable to Owners of the Company

The unaudited pro forma statement of adjusted consolidated net tangible assets of our
Group prepared in accordance with Rule 4.29 of the Listing Rules is set out below to illustrate
the effect of the Global Offering on the consolidated net tangible assets of our Group attributable
to our owners as at June 30, 2018 as if the Global Offering had taken place on such date.

– 346 –

