STRUCTURE OF THE GLOBAL OFFERING

THE HONG KONG PUBLIC OFFERING

Number of Offer Shares initially offered

The Company is initially offering 23,635,000 Shares for subscription by the public in
Hong Kong at the Offer Price, representing 10.0% of the total number of Offer Shares initially
available under the Global Offering. The number of Offer Shares initially offered under the
Hong Kong Public Offering, subject
to any reallocation of Offer Shares between the
International Offering and the Hong Kong Public Offering, will represent approximately 2.1%
of the total Shares in issue immediately following the completion of the Global Offering
(assuming the Over-allotment Option is not exercised and no shares are issued pursuant to the
Equity Plans).

The Hong Kong Public Offering is open to members of the public in Hong Kong as well
as to institutional and professional investors. Professional investors generally include brokers,
dealers, companies (including fund managers) whose ordinary business involves dealing in
shares and other securities and corporate entities that regularly invest in shares and other
securities.

Completion of the Hong Kong Public Offering is subject to the conditions set out in the

sub-section headed “Conditions of the Global Offering” in this section.

Allocation

Allocation of Offer Shares to investors under the Hong Kong Public Offering will be
based solely on the level of valid applications received under the Hong Kong Public Offering.
The basis of allocation may vary, depending on the number of Hong Kong Offer Shares validly
applied for by applicants. Such allocation could, where appropriate, consist of balloting, which
could mean that some applicants may receive a higher allocation than others who have applied
for the same number of Hong Kong Offer Shares, and those applicants who are not successful
in the ballot may not receive any Hong Kong Offer Shares.

For allocation purposes only, the total number of Hong Kong Offer Shares available under
the Hong Kong Public Offering (after taking into account any reallocation referred to below)
will be divided equally (to the nearest board lot) into two pools: pool A and pool B. The Hong
Kong Offer Shares in pool A will be allocated on an equitable basis to applicants who have
applied for Hong Kong Offer Shares with an aggregate price of HK$5 million (excluding the
brokerage, the SFC transaction levy and the Stock Exchange trading fee payable) or less. The
Hong Kong Offer Shares in pool B will be allocated on an equitable basis to applicants who
have applied for Hong Kong Offer Shares with an aggregate price of more than HK$5 million
(excluding the brokerage,
the SFC transaction levy and the Stock Exchange trading fee
payable) and up to the total value in pool B.

– 398 –

