APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF THE CONSTITUTION OF THE
COMPANY AND CAYMAN COMPANIES LAW

2.14 Dividends and other methods of distribution

Subject to the Companies Law and the Articles of Association, the Company in general
meeting may declare dividends in any currency but no dividends shall exceed the amount
recommended by the Directors. No dividend may be declared or paid other than out of profits
and reserves of the Company lawfully available for distribution, including share premium.

Unless and to the extent that the rights attached to any shares or the terms of issue thereof
otherwise provide, all dividends shall (as regards any shares not fully paid throughout the
period in respect of which the dividend is paid) be apportioned and paid pro rata according to
the amounts paid up on the shares during any portion or portions of the period in respect of
which the dividend is paid. For these purposes no amount paid up on a share in advance of calls
shall be treated as paid up on the share.

The Directors may from time to time pay to the members of the Company such interim
dividends as appear to the Directors to be justified by the profits of the Company. The Directors
may also pay half-yearly or at other intervals to be selected by them any dividend which may
be at a fixed rate if they are of the opinion that the profits available for distribution justify the
payment.

The Directors may retain any dividends or other monies payable on or in respect of a
share upon which the Company has a lien, and may apply the same in or towards satisfaction
of the debts, liabilities or engagements in respect of which the lien exists. The Directors may
also deduct from any dividend or other monies payable to any member of the Company all
sums of money (if any) presently payable by him to the Company on account of calls,
instalments or otherwise.

No dividend shall carry interest against the Company.

Whenever the Directors or the Company in general meeting have resolved that a dividend
be paid or declared on the share capital of the Company, the Directors may further resolve: (a)
that such dividend be satisfied wholly or in part in the form of an allotment of shares credited
as fully paid up on the basis that the shares so allotted are to be of the same class as the class
already held by the allottee, provided that the members of the Company entitled thereto will
be entitled to elect to receive such dividend (or part thereof) in cash in lieu of such allotment;
or (b) that the members of the Company entitled to such dividend will be entitled to elect to
receive an allotment of shares credited as fully paid up in lieu of the whole or such part of the
dividend as the Directors may think fit on the basis that the shares so allotted are to be of the
same class as the class already held by the allottee. The Company may upon the
recommendation of the Directors by ordinary resolution resolve in respect of any one particular
dividend of the Company that notwithstanding the foregoing a dividend may be satisfied
wholly in the form of an allotment of shares credited as fully paid without offering any right
to members of the Company to elect to receive such dividend in cash in lieu of such allotment.

– III-13 –

