BUSINESS

reduced to practice while performing activities under

We and Adimab each own all of our pre-existing intellectual property. Any inventions
conceived or
the 2013 Adimab
Agreement will be jointly owned, regardless of inventorship. We granted Adimab a worldwide,
sublicensable, non-exclusive license to our intellectual property for the purpose of discovering
Adimab Products. We also granted Adimab a worldwide, royalty-bearing, sublicensable,
non-exclusive license under our patents and joint
inventions for Adimab to develop,
manufacture, and commercialize the Adimab Products. Adimab similarly granted to us a
worldwide, royalty-bearing, sublicensable, non-exclusive license under Adimab’s patents and
joint inventions to develop, manufacture, and commercialize the Adimab Products.

Under the 2013 Adimab Agreement, Adimab grants us a non-exclusive, worldwide,
royalty-bearing, sublicensable license under Adimab’s patents related to PD-1 to develop,
manufacture, and commercialize PD-1 products. For certain of the PD-1 products (including
sintilimab) we have entered into a partnership with Eli Lilly, which is more fully discussed
above in “-Collaboration with Eli Lilly”. Pursuant to the relationship among Adimab, Eli Lilly
and us, we entered into a sublicense agreement so that Eli Lilly will make certain payments
directly to Adimab,
instead of making such payments indirectly to Adimab through us.
Pursuant
to our collaboration with Eli Lilly, Adimab received milestone payments of an
aggregate of US$15,000,000 from us and Eli Lilly. These payments include a US$5,000,000
payment from Eli Lilly to Adimab, a US$5,000,000 payment from us to Adimab that was made
on December 27, 2016 and another US$5,000,000 payment from us to Adimab that was made
on February 1, 2018. Adimab is also entitled to receive from Eli Lilly additional milestone
payments based on the development of Bi-Specific PD-1 Products which include IBI-318 and
IBI-319, and will be entitled to receive from Eli Lilly a royalty of a low-single digit percentage
of net sales in China and a royalty of a mid-single digit percentage of net sales outside of China
on annual sales of the PD-1 products covered by the 2013 Adimab Agreement. Adimab will
receive a 50% reduction in royalty payments on Bi-Specific PD-1 Products.

Under the 2013 Adimab Agreement, we control the prosecution and enforcement of the
licensed patents related to the Adimab Products in China, Hong Kong and Taiwan and Adimab
controls the prosecution and enforcement of the licensed patents related to the Adimab
Products in all jurisdictions other than China, Hong Kong and Taiwan.

The 2013 Adimab Agreement continues on a country-by-country and product-by-product
basis until the later of (i) the expiration of the last-to-expire licensed patent covering an
Adimab Product in a particular country and (ii) 12 years after the first commercial sale of the
Adimab Product in such country. In addition to the right to terminate in connection with an
uncured material breach by the other party, at any time after September 2022, either party may
terminate the 2013 Adimab Agreement in its entirety upon six months’ prior written notice to
the other party if (a) no Adimab Product has entered into clinical trials, (b) no Adimab Product
is under development and (c) the absence of development is not the result of a breach by the
party seeking to terminate.

Effective January 2016, we entered into an additional collaboration agreement with
Adimab (as amended, the “2016 Adimab Agreement”) whereby Adimab will discover new
antibodies against targets of our choosing, including OX40, (collectively, the “2016 Adimab

– 287 –

