RISK FACTORS

things, trusts, entrustment or contractual control arrangements. In the future, we may grow our
business by acquiring complementary businesses. Complying with the requirements of the
above-mentioned regulations and other relevant rules to complete such transactions could be
time-consuming, and any required approval processes, including obtaining approval from the
MOFCOM or its local counterparts may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such
transactions. It is unclear whether our business would be deemed to be in an industry that raises
“national defense and security” or “national security” concerns. However, the MOFCOM or
other government agencies may publish explanations in the future determining that our
business is in an industry subject to the security review, in which case our future acquisitions
in China, including those by way of entering into contractual control arrangements with target
entities, may be closely scrutinized or prohibited. Our ability to expand our business or
maintain or expand our market share through future acquisitions would as such be materially
and adversely affected.

If we fail to comply with applicable anti-bribery laws, our reputation may be harmed and we
could be subject to penalties and significant expenses that have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We are subject to the anti-bribery laws of various jurisdictions, particularly China. As our
business has expanded, the applicability of the applicable anti-bribery laws to our operations
has increased. Our procedures and controls to monitor anti-bribery compliance may fail to
protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents. If we, due to
either our own deliberate or inadvertent acts or those of others, fail to comply with applicable
anti-bribery laws, our reputation could be harmed and we could incur criminal or civil
penalties, other sanctions and/or significant expenses, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, including our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and
prospects.

If we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could
become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect
on the success of our business.

We are subject

to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations,
including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and
disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Our operations may involve the use of hazardous
and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological materials, and may produce
hazardous waste products. We may contract with third parties for the disposal of these
materials and wastes. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these
materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of hazardous
materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our
resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and
penalties.

Although we maintain statutory employees’ social insurance to cover us for costs and
expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of or exposure
to hazardous materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential

– 99 –

