REGULATIONS

SAFE promulgated the Notice on Reforming the Administration of Foreign Exchange
Settlement of Capital of Foreign invested Enterprises (《關於改革外商投資企業外匯資本金結
匯管理方式的通知》) (“SAFE Circular 19”) on March 30, 2015, further expanding the extent
of convertibility under direct investment. SAFE Circular 19 stipulates that the use of capital
funds and exchange settlement funds by foreign-invested enterprises shall be subject to foreign
exchange management regulations, and implement negative list management.

On June 9, 2016, the SAFE promulgated the Circular on Reforming and Regulating
Policies on the Management of the Settlement of Foreign Exchange of Capital Accounts (《國
家外匯管理局關於改革和規範資本項目結匯管理政策的通知》) (the “SAFE Circular 16”). The
SAFE Circular 16 unifies the Discretional Foreign Exchange Settlement for all the domestic
institutions. The Discretional Foreign Exchange Settlement refers to the foreign exchange
capital in the capital account which has been confirmed by the relevant policies subject to the
Discretional Foreign Exchange Settlement (including foreign exchange capital, foreign loans
and funds remitted from the proceeds from the overseas listing) can be settled at the banks
based on the actual operational needs of
the domestic institutions. The proportion of
Discretional Foreign Exchange Settlement of the foreign exchange capital
is temporarily
determined as 100%. Violations of SAFE Circular 19 or SAFE Circular 16 could result in
administrative penalties in accordance with the Regulations of the People’s Republic of China
on Foreign Exchange Control and relevant provisions.

Furthermore, SAFE Circular 16 stipulates that the use of foreign exchange incomes of
capital accounts by foreign-invested enterprises shall follow the principles of authenticity and
self-use within the business scope of enterprises. The foreign exchange incomes of capital
accounts and capital in Renminbi obtained by the FIE from foreign exchange settlement shall
not be used for the following purposes: (i) directly or indirectly used for the payment beyond
the business scope of the enterprises or the payment prohibited by relevant
laws and
regulations; (ii) directly or indirectly used for investment in securities or financial schemes
other
laws and
regulations; (iii) used for granting loans to non-connected enterprises, unless otherwise
permitted by its business scope; and (iv) used for the construction or purchase of real estate that
is not for self-use (except for the real estate enterprises).

than bank guaranteed products unless otherwise provided by relevant

SAFE Circular 37

On October 21, 2005, SAFE promulgated the Circular Concerning Relevant Issues on the
Foreign Exchange Administration of Raising Funds through Overseas Special Purpose Vehicle
and Investing Back in China by Domestic Residents (《關於境內居民通過境外特殊目的公司
融資及返程投資外匯管理有關問題的通知》), which became effective on November 1, 2005
(the “Circular No. 75”). The notice requires PRC domestic resident natural persons to register
or file with the local SAFE branch in the following circumstances: (i) before establishing or
controlling any company outside the PRC for the purpose of capital financing, (ii) after
contributing their assets or shares of a domestic enterprise into overseas special purpose
vehicles, or raising funds overseas after such contributions, and (iii) after any major change in
the share capital of the special purpose vehicle without any round-trip investment being made.

– 191 –

