RISK FACTORS

Even if we are able to commercialize any approved drug candidates, the drugs may become
subject to national or other third-party reimbursement practices or unfavorable pricing
regulations, which could harm our business.

The regulations that govern regulatory approvals, pricing and reimbursement for new
therapeutic products vary widely from country to country. In China and some markets outside
China, prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control
even after initial approval is granted. As a result, we might obtain regulatory approval for a
drug in a particular country, but then be subject to price regulations that negatively impact our
revenues.

Our ability to commercialize any approved drug candidates successfully also will depend
in part on the extent to which reimbursement for these drugs and related treatments will be
available from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other
organizations.

A primary trend in the global healthcare industry is cost containment. Government
authorities and these third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage
and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications.

In China, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of China or provincial or
local human resources and social security authorities,
together with other government
authorities, review the inclusion or removal of drugs from the China’s National Drug Catalog
for Basic Medical Insurance, Work-related Injury Insurance and Maternity Insurance, or the
National Reimbursement Drug List, or the NRDL, or provincial or local medical insurance
catalogues for the National Medical Insurance Program regularly, and the tier under which a
drug will be classified, both of which affect the amounts reimbursable to program participants
for their purchases of those drugs. There can be no assurance that any of our future approved
drug candidates will be included in the NRDL. Products included in the NRDL are typically
generic and essential drugs. Innovative drugs similar to our drug candidates have historically
been more limited on their inclusion in the NRDL.

In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drugs exists
among third-party payors. As a result, obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval of a
drug from a government or other third-party payor is a time-consuming and costly process that
could require us to provide to each payor supporting scientific, clinical and cost-effectiveness
data for the use of our future approved drugs on a payor-by-payor basis, with no assurance that
coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. Even if we obtain coverage for a given
drug, the resulting reimbursement rates might not be adequate for us to achieve or sustain
profitability or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Additionally,
third-party payors may not cover, or provide adequate reimbursement for, long-term follow-up
evaluations required following the use of our future approved drug candidates. Patients are
unlikely to use any of our future approved drug candidates unless coverage is provided and
reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion of the cost of the drug. Because some
of our drug candidates have a higher cost of goods than conventional therapies, and may
require long-term follow-up evaluations, the risk that coverage and reimbursement rates may
be inadequate for us to achieve profitability may be greater.

– 70 –

