BUSINESS

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Risk Management

We recognize that risk management is critical to the success of our business operation.
Key operational risks faced by us include changes in the general market conditions and the
regulatory environment of the Chinese and global biologics markets, our ability to develop,
manufacture and commercialize our drug candidates, and our ability to compete with other
pharmaceutical companies. See “Risk Factors” for a discussion of various risks and
uncertainties we face. We also face various market risks. In particular, we are exposed to credit,
liquidity, interest rate and currency risks that arise in the normal course of our business. See
“Financial Information – Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosure about Market Risk” for a
discussion of these market risks.

We have adopted a consolidated set of risk management policies which set out a risk
management framework to identify, assess, evaluate and monitor key risks associated with our
strategic objectives on an on-going basis. Our audit committee, and ultimately our Directors
supervise the implementation of our
identified by
management will be analyzed on the basis of likelihood and impact, and will be properly
followed up and mitigated and rectified by our Group and reported to our Directors.

risk management policies. Risks

The following key principles outline our Group’s approach to risk management and

internal control:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

Our audit committee will oversee and manage the overall risks associated with our
business operations, including (i) reviewing and approving our risk management
policy to ensure that it is consistent with our corporate objectives; (ii) reviewing and
approving our corporate risk tolerance; (iii) monitoring the most significant risks
associated with our business operation and our management’s handling of such
risks; (iv) reviewing our corporate risk in the light of our corporate risk tolerance;
and (v) monitoring and ensuring the appropriate application of our risk management
framework across our Group.

Our chief financial officer, Mr. Ronald Hao Xi Ede, will be responsible for (i)
formulating and updating our risk management policy and target; (ii) reviewing and
approving major risk management issues of our Company; (iii) promulgating risk
management measures; (iv) providing guidance on our risk management approach to
the relevant departments in our Company; (v) reviewing the relevant departments’
reporting on key risks and providing feedbacks; (vi) supervising the implementation
of our risk management measures by the relevant departments; (vii) ensuring that the
appropriate structure, processes and competences are in place across our Group; and
(viii) reporting to our audit committee on our material risks.

The relevant departments in our Company, including but not limited to the finance
department,
the legal department and the human resources department, are
responsible for implementing our risk management policy and carrying out our

– 313 –

