SUMMARY

Our Manufacturing Building 1 has 21,579.52 m2 of floor space and currently houses our
first stage production facilities with three 1,000L disposable bioreactors. We expect our
existing facilities to be able to support our commercial manufacturing needs for our first two
products, namely sintilimab and, subject to the speed of the regulatory review process, either
IBI-303 or IBI-305, through 2020. We have begun construction on our second stage production
facilities, which will also be housed in Manufacturing Building 1. When completed, these
facilities will be equipped with six 3,000L stainless steel bioreactors, bringing our total
production capacity to 21,000L. These facilities are scheduled to go into operation in the
second half of 2019 and we expect them to provide us with sufficient manufacturing capacity
to support the growth of our business for at least five years. Our Manufacturing Building 2 has
an additional 24,330.12 m2 of floor space to accommodate our future growth. We plan to install
four 15,000L stainless steel bioreactors in this building as and when needed.

COMMERCIALIZATION

The commercialization function of our platform encompasses marketing, sales, medical
affairs and market access. We intend to commercialize sintilimab and our other drug candidates
in China, if approved, with a direct sales force. We are currently building and expect to have
a 250-member commercialization team by the time we receive marketing approval for
sintilimab in China. We plan to double that size to a 500-member commercialization team in
anticipation of the increased market demand for sintilimab and prior to the commercial launch
of our first biosimilar drug candidate in China.

RAW MATERIALS AND SUPPLIERS

We develop cell lines either independently or in collaboration with third parties when we
begin discovery and development on a new drug candidate. We maintain a master cell bank
with separate copies in two locations and we produce working cell banks from the master cell
bank. We licensed transgenic mice from third-party developers of human antibody discovery
platforms, including Trianni, Inc. and Harbour Antibodies. We procure equipment for the
development and manufacture of our drug candidates from industry-leading, highly reputable
manufacturers and suppliers around the world. We use contract research organizations, or
CROs, and consultants that manage, conduct and support our clinical trials and pre-clinical
studies in China and in the United States.

PRE-IPO INVESTORS

Throughout the development of our Company, we have entered into multiple rounds of
financing and entered into agreements with our Pre-IPO Investors. Our Pre-IPO investors will
be subject to lock-up arrangements at the time of Listing. The Shares held by the Pre-IPO
Investors subject to these lock-up arrangements represent approximately 81.73% of the issued
share capital of the Company as at the date of this prospectus, and approximately 64.45% of
the issued share capital of the Company immediately following completion of the Global
Offering, assuming the Over-allotment Option is not exercised and no shares are issued
pursuant to the Equity Plans. Under the current arrangements, all existing shareholders will be

– 9 –

