BUSINESS

Practicable Date, is led by Ms. Jessie Chen, our Chief Medical Officer, who has 20 years of
in-depth experience in the relevant field. Ms. Chen graduated from the Capital University of
Medical Sciences with a bachelor’s degree in clinical medicines. She was previously head of
the Clinical Trial Management and Portfolio Project Management departments at Pfizer where
she accumulated extensive experience in clinical operations, standard operating procedures
(SOPs),
training, process implementation, clinical data services and portfolio project
management.

Commercialization

This aspect of our platform encompasses marketing, sales, medical affairs and market
access. We intend to commercialize sintilimab and our other drug candidates in China, if
approved, with a direct sales force. We are currently building and expect to have a 250-member
commercialization team by the time we receive marketing approval for sintilimab in China. We
plan to double that size to a 500-member commercialization team in anticipation of the
increased market demand for sintilimab and prior to the commercial
launch of our first
biosimilar drug candidate in China.

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

Marketing and sales. We are expanding our sales and marketing team to cover a
majority of the provinces and municipalities in China. As of the Last Practicable
Date, our marketing leadership team is in place with the head of marketing and three
marketing directors on board. Our sales leadership team is also in place with two
sales heads and eight regional sales directors on board. We are increasing the size
of our sales and marketing force rapidly in preparation for the commercial sales of
our first wave of approved drug candidates, and we aim to have all the marketing
staff and first line sales managers on board by the end of third quarter of 2018 and
build a sizeable sales and marketing team by the end of 2018.

Our sales and marketing force will market our future approved drug candidates to
physicians and hospital administrators using a physician-targeted marketing model,
focused on promoting the differentiating clinical aspects of our products. Such
marketing efforts usually commence several months before the expected approval
for the commercialization of a drug candidate.

Our sales representatives will focus on effective market coverage and penetration to
meet
the anticipated demand for our future approved drug candidates in their
respective regions and for their approved indications. We are currently building our
sales force that is dedicated to the commercialization of our late-stage core products
for their respective first approved indications. We will continue to expand our
dedicated sales force as we develop and commence commercialization of more
approved products and for additional indications.

Medical affairs. We have also quickly established our medical affairs team
comprised of medical managers and medical science liaisons, or MSLs, who are
primarily responsible for post-launch clinical data generation and medical
communication. Our medical affairs and marketing personnel focus on raising our

– 300 –

