APPENDIX I

Government grants

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the

conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group
recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically, government
grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire non-current assets
are recognised as deferred income in the consolidated statements of financial position and transferred to profit or loss
on a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

Government grants that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the
purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in profit or
loss in the period in which they become receivable.

Retirement benefits costs

Payments to state-managed retirement benefit schemes are recognised as an expense when employees have

rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

Short-term employee benefits

Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid
as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense unless
another IFRS standards requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave and sick

leave) after deducting any amount already paid.

Share-based payment arrangements

Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

Share options granted to employees

Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured at the

fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.

The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking into
consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on
the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity
(share-based payments reserve). At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of
equity instruments expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact
of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects
the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the share based payment reserve. For share options that vest
immediately at the date of grant, the fair value of the share options granted is expensed immediately to profit or loss.

When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share-based payment reserve will be
transferred to share premium. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still not exercised at
the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in share options reserve will be transferred to accumulated losses.

Share options granted to consultants

Equity-settled share-based payment transactions with parties other than employees are measured at the fair
value of the goods or services received, except where that fair value cannot be estimated reliably, in which case they
are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments granted, measured at the date the entity obtains the goods
or the counterparty renders the service. The fair values of the goods or services received are recognised as expenses
(unless the goods or services qualify for recognition as assets).

– I-16 –

