BUSINESS

COMPETITION

Our industry is highly competitive and subject to rapid and significant change. While we
believe that our fully-integrated platform, our robust pipeline of drug candidates in clinical and
pre-clinical trials and our experienced leadership team provide us with competitive advantages,
we face potential competition from many different sources working to develop therapies
targeting the same indications against which we develop our drug candidates. These include
major pharmaceutical companies, such as Merck, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Roche, Jiangsu
Hengrui, Qilu Pharmaceutical and Hisun Pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical and
biotechnology companies, such as BeiGene, Junshi and Henlius, and academic institutions,
government agencies and research institutions. Any drug candidates that we successfully
develop and commercialize will compete both with existing drugs and with any new drugs that
may become available in the future.

INSURANCE

We maintain insurance policies that we consider to be in line with market practice and
adequate for our business. Our principal insurance policies cover property loss due to accidents
or natural disasters, product damages during shipment, and adverse events in clinical trials. We
do not maintain product liability insurance or key-man insurance.

EMPLOYEES

The following table sets forth a breakdown of our employees by function as of the Latest

Practicable Date:

Function

Research and Development
Manufacturing
Selling, General and Administrative
Total

Number

% of Total

327
206
244
777

42.1
26.5
31.4
100.0

As of the Latest Practicable Date, we had 678 employees in Suzhou and 99 employees in

Shanghai.

Employment Agreements with Key Management and Research Staff

We enter

into standard confidentiality and employment agreements with our key
management and research staff. The contracts with our key personnel typically include a
standard non-compete agreement that prohibits the employee from competing with us, directly
or indirectly, during his or her employment and for at least two years after the termination of
his or her employment. The contracts also typically include undertakings regarding assignment
of inventions and discoveries made during the course of his or her employment. For further
details regarding the terms of confidentiality and employment agreements with our key
management, please refer to the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” in this
prospectus.

– 305 –

