APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit) is
increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed
the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or a
cash-generating unit) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

Inventories

Raw materials acquired for usage in research and development activities and for the production of trial batches
for the research and development stage are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost of inventories
are determined on a weighted average method. Net realisable value represents estimated selling price for inventories
less estimated costs necessary to make the sale. Trial batches manufactured prior to regulatory approval (including
raw materials cost) is changed to development expenses when they are produced.

Financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual

provisions of the instrument.

Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly
attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and
financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial
assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the
acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately
in profit or loss.

Financial assets

All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis.
Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the
time frame established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.

All recognised financial assets are subsequently measured in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair

value, depending on the classification of the financial assets.

Classification of financial assets

Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in order
to collect contractual cash flows; and

the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other

comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting
contractual cash flows and selling the financial assets; and

the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

By default, all other financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”).

– I-19 –

