RISK FACTORS

In addition, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing, prosecution,
maintenance, enforcement, and defense of patents and patent applications covering the drug
candidates that we license from third parties. Therefore, we cannot be certain that these patents
and patent applications will be prepared, filed, prosecuted, maintained, enforced, and defended
in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. If our licensors fail to prosecute,
maintain, enforce and defend such patents, or lose rights to those patents or patent applications,
the rights we have licensed may be reduced or eliminated, and our right to develop and
commercialize any of our drugs that are subject of such licensed rights could be adversely
affected.

Our licensors may have relied on third party consultants or collaborators or on funds from
third parties such that our licensors are not the sole and exclusive owners of the patents we
in-license. This could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business,
financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects.

In spite of our best efforts, our licensors might conclude that we have materially breached
our license agreements and might therefore terminate the license agreements, thereby removing
our ability to develop and commercialize drug products covered by these license agreements.
If these in-licenses are terminated, or if the underlying patents fail to provide the intended
exclusivity, competitors would have the freedom to seek regulatory approval of, and to market,
products identical to ours. In addition, we may seek to obtain additional licenses from our
licensors and, in connection with obtaining such licenses, we may agree to amend our existing
licenses in a manner that may be more favorable to the licensors, including by agreeing to
terms that could enable third parties (potentially including our competitors) to receive licenses
to a portion of the intellectual property that is subject to our existing licenses. Any of these
events could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial
conditions, results of operations, and prospects.

Our owned and in-licensed patents and other intellectual property may be subject to further
priority disputes or to inventorship disputes and similar proceedings. If we or our licensors
are unsuccessful in any of these proceedings, we may be required to obtain licenses from
third parties, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or to
cease the development, manufacture, and commercialization of one or more of the drug
candidates we may develop, which could have a material adverse impact on our business.

We or our licensors may be subject to claims that former employees, collaborators or
other third parties have an interest in our owned or in-licensed patents or other intellectual
property as an inventor or co-inventor. If we or our licensors are unsuccessful
in any
interference proceedings or other priority or validity disputes
(including any patent
oppositions) to which we or they are subject, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights
through the loss of one or more patents owned or licensed or our owned or licensed patent
claims may be narrowed, invalidated, or held unenforceable. In addition, if we or our licensors
are unsuccessful in any inventorship disputes to which we or they are subject, we may lose
valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or the exclusive right to
use, our owned or in-licensed patents. If we or our licensors are unsuccessful
in any

– 81 –

