BUSINESS

The PK profiles of IBI-305 and Avastin in cynomolgus monkeys are highly similar

We conducted additional toxicology studies in cynomolgus monkey to determine the
potential for harmful antibody responses to IBI-305 or other toxic effects in comparison with
Avastin. We found no differences between IBI-305 and Avastin in terms of potentially harmful
antibody responses or other toxicities.

Step 3: Clinical Pharmacology Study

Our IND application for IBI-305 was approved by the NMPA in May 2016 to follow the
biosimilar regulatory development pathway based on the demonstrated similarity to the
reference product in the CMC and pre-clinical studies. Since then, we have completed a
randomized double-blind parallel controlled clinical trial in China to assess the PK/PD, safety,
tolerance and immunogenicity of a single 3 mg/kg dose of IBI-305 compared to Avastin in 100
healthy volunteers. Similar to bevacizumab (Avastin), no serious adverse events were observed
in the study for IBI-305. The primary endpoints of AUC0-inf (extrapolated total area under
plasma curve to time infinity) and AUC0-t (area under the plasma concentration-time curve),
as well as Cmax (the peak serum concentration that a drug achieves in a test area of the body
after drug administration), t½ (half-life), drug clearance and volume of distribution, were
similar for IBI-305 and bevacizumab (Avastin) at a 3 mg/kg dose level. For each of AUC0-inf
and AUC0-t, the 90% confidence intervals (90% CI) for the ratio of IBI-305 to bevacizumab
(Avastin) were fully contained within 80% to 125%, confirming the bioequivalence between
IBI-305 and bevacizumab (Avastin). As shown in the following graph, the PK profile plots
demonstrated substantial overlap for the profile of IBI-305 and bevacizumab (Avastin) out to
2,000 hours after a single dose administration in normal volunteers.

We have not seen unexpected adverse events with IBI-305 in this study. Safety data from
these small and short clinical pharmacology studies aimed at establishing bioequivalence are
not useful, representative or material. The useful or material safety data set only comes from
the large and lengthy clinical confirmation studies at Step 4.

– 249 –

