INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

Medical Insurance in China

Medical insurance schemes provided by the PRC government, including urban and rural
medical insurance, are the largest payors of pharmaceutical expenditures in China. Commercial
medical
insurance is also increasingly purchased by Chinese healthcare consumers to
supplement their insurance coverage provided by the PRC government, and this trend is
expected to continue as awareness of insurance grows.

The national reimbursement drug list (the NRDL) is managed by the Ministry of Human

Resources and Social Security of China (MoHRSS).

NRDL consists of two drug catalogues, i.e., the List A catalogue and the List B catalogue.
Drugs that fall into the List A catalogue are fully reimbursable and must be included in the
provincial government reimbursement drug lists. Drugs with a higher price typically fall into
the List B catalogue which generally require a 10% to 30% co-payment by patients. Inclusion
in the NRDL typically results in a much higher sales volume and a significant sales growth
despite a reduction in the price.

Historically, in terms of cancer treatment, only chemotherapy drugs were included in the
NRDL, and the biologics market was essentially a self-pay market. The PRC government has
made significant efforts in enhancing the affordability of biologics. The NRDL updated in
February 2017 (NRDL 2017) allowed for inclusion of more expensive anti-cancer drugs. In
July 2017, 36 innovative, patented drugs were incorporated into the List B catalogue after price
negotiations with the PRC government, half of which were anti-cancer drugs, including five
anti-cancer biologics such as Roche’s rituximab (MabThera/Rituxan) and bevacizumab
(Avastin). As a result of the price negotiations with the PRC government, prices of these
anti-cancer drugs have been reduced by 44% on average, with the greatest price reduction of
over 60%. As more biologics are listed in the NRDL, the affordability of biologics is expected
to increase which allows greater market access. Given the PRC government’s increasing
attention on severe public health issues, it is believed that more innovative drugs will be
included in the NRDL.

The price discount between biosimilars and the originator biologic will be expected to
help biosimilars gain access to the NRDL, and reach a broader customer group that cannot
afford or are unwilling to pay for originator biologics.

– 151 –

