HISTORY, DEVELOPMENT AND CORPORATE STRUCTURE

Suzhou Industrial Park was established in 2005 as a limited liability company under the
laws of the PRC. Its scope of business includes the development and management of
bio-industrial parks, management of bio-industrial park-related carriers, provision of biotech-
based technology service platforms, and investments in technology projects.

Lilly Asia, Lilly Asia Ventures Fund III, L.P., LAV Biosciences Fund III, L.P. and LAV
Biosciences Fund IV, L.P. are all Cayman exempted limited partnership funds managed by LAV
Management Co., Ltd. and its affiliates (“LAV”). LAV is a leading Asia-based life science
investment firm with portfolios covering all major sectors of the biomedical and healthcare
industry including biopharmaceuticals, medical devices, diagnostics and healthcare services.
LAV has offices in Shanghai and Hong Kong. LAV Opus Limited and LAV Orion Limited are
both business limited liability companies incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin
Islands and are wholly-owned by LAV Biosciences Fund III, L.P. and Lilly Asia Ventures Fund
III, L.P., respectively, LAV Agility Limited is a business limited liability company incorporated
under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and is wholly-owned by LAV Biosciences Fund IV,
L.P..

CSVC, a company established under the laws of the PRC, has a wholly-owned subsidiary,
Hua Yuan Management Consultancy (Hong Kong) (“Hua Yuan Management”), a company
incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong. Hua Yuan Management has invested in numerous
technology projects involving Gerad Technologies (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. (智瑞達科技(蘇州)有限
公司), Engineering and IP Advanced Technologies Ltd., HanKore Environment Technology
Group (漢科環境科技集團), and Nature Bio-medicine Trading Co., Ltd (凱瑞生化科技有限公
司). Hua Yuan Management’s investment focuses on information technology, environmental
protection technology, cultural sectors and the pharmaceutical
industry. Hua Yuan is a
wholly-owned subsidiary of CSVC.

Suzhou Frontline,

the laws of

incorporated under

the PRC, and Life Sciences,
incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, are venture capital funds managed by 6
Dimensions Capital. 6 Dimensions Capital is a leading healthcare focused investment firm with
an in-depth focus and extensive coverage across China and the United States. 6 Dimensions
Capital currently has US$1.6 billion assets under management
through four US dollar-
denominated and three RMB-denominated funds.

LC Fund, LC Parallel Fund and LC Healthcare are Cayman Islands exempted limited
partnership funds managed by Legend Capital Management Co., Ltd. and its affiliates
(“Legend Capital”). Legend Capital
is a leading growth equity investor with offices in
Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong Kong, focusing on high-quality growth opportunities
in China, such as TMT, consumer and healthcare sectors.

Cheng Yu Investments and Highsino are investment companies registered in the British

Virgin Islands whose de facto controller is Mr Liu Lin, a Hong Kong individual investor.

TLS Beta Pte. Ltd. is a company incorporated in Singapore in 2005, being an indirectly
wholly-owned subsidiary of Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited (“Temasek”). Incorporated in
1974, Temasek is a global investment company headquartered in Singapore. Supported by its

– 203 –

