APPENDIX IV

STATUTORY AND GENERAL INFORMATION

However, our Directors do not propose to exercise the general mandate to such an extent
as would,
in the circumstances, have a material adverse effect on the working capital
requirements of our Company or its gearing levels which, in the opinion of the Directors, are
from time to time appropriate for our Company.

(d) General

The exercise in full of the Repurchase Mandate, on the basis of 1,118,150,710 Shares in
issue immediately following the completion of
the Global Offering, but assuming the
Over-allotment Option is not exercised and no shares are issued pursuant to the Equity Plans,
could accordingly result in up to approximately 111,815,071 Shares being repurchased by our
Company during the period prior to the earliest of:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of our Company unless renewed
by an ordinary resolution of our Shareholders in a general meeting, either
unconditionally or subject to conditions;

the expiration of the period within which our Company’s next annual general
meeting is required by the Articles of Association or any other applicable laws to be
held; or

the date when it is varied or revoked by an ordinary resolution of our Shareholders
in general meeting.

None of our Directors nor, to the best of their knowledge having made all reasonable
enquiries, any of their close associates currently intends to sell any Shares to our Company.

Our Directors have undertaken to the Stock Exchange that, so far as the same may be
applicable, they will exercise the Repurchase Mandate in accordance with the Listing Rules
and the applicable laws in the Cayman Islands.

If, as a result of any repurchase of Shares, a Shareholder’s proportionate interest in the
voting rights of our Company increases, such increase will be treated as an acquisition for the
purposes of the Takeovers Code. Accordingly, a Shareholder or a group of Shareholders acting
in concert could obtain or consolidate control of our Company and become obliged to make a
mandatory offer in accordance with Rule 26 of the Takeovers Code. Save as aforesaid, our
Directors are not aware of any consequences which would arise under the Takeovers Code as
a consequence of any repurchases pursuant to the Repurchase Mandate.

Any repurchase of Shares that results in the number of Shares held by the public being
reduced to less than 25% of the Shares then in issue could only be implemented if the Stock
Exchange agreed to waive the Listing Rules requirements regarding the public shareholding
referred to above. It is believed that a waiver of this provision would not normally be given
other than in exceptional circumstances.

No core connected person of our Company has notified our Company that he or she has
a present intention to sell Shares to our Company, or has undertaken not to do so, if the
Repurchase Mandate is exercised.

– IV-9 –

