BUSINESS

Our CMC and manufacturing capability is enabled by certain key technologies and

processes that are summarized below.

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

is a core process

thereby producing the same proteins. The productivity of a cell

Cell Line Engineering and Development: This
for drug
development where, once a biologic drug candidate has been identified, we grow
host cells for the purpose of producing therapeutic proteins. A cell
line is a
population of cells which descend from a single cell and contain the same genetic
makeup,
line
determines the cost of manufacturing and the quality of a cell line determines the
line
quality of
the relevant biologics. We have built a state-of-the-art cell
development platform with proprietary technologies. We conduct cell
line
engineering and development using third-party cell lines and are developing our
own proprietary cell lines. As of the Latest Practicable Date, we had developed more
than 20 cell lines for our drug development purposes.

Cell Banking and Cell Line Characterization: After the cell lines are defined and
developed, the cell lines are made into a series of cell banks, which consist of an
adequate number of vials of cells stored in liquid nitrogen. The process of making
cell banks is cell banking. The cell banks are tested and characterized in accordance
with regulatory guidance to make sure that they produce the expected biologic drug
candidates, are pure with no microbial or mycoplasma contamination, and are not
contaminated by viruses.

Assay and Process Development: This is the process where, upon creation of a cell
bank, we develop a manufacturing process that can produce a biologic drug
candidate on a large scale and generate consistent results over time. A number of
steps are essential in this process. As proteins are typically not stable, we test and
develop a buffer solution with stabilization agents, known as a formulation, and
combine the proteins with the formulation so as to stabilize the proteins for clinical
use. In addition, once a biologic drug candidate is produced, we develop and conduct
many assays on the drug candidate to ensure that it is safe, efficacious and consistent
from one manufacturing lot to another.

Assay and Process Validation: Once the manufacturing process and the related
assays are developed, we validate them to ensure that the manufacturing and testing
of a product will generate consistent results every time. This process is called assay
and process validation.

– 295 –

