WAIVERS FROM COMPLIANCE WITH THE LISTING RULES AND EXEMPTIONS FROM

THE COMPANIES (WINDING UP AND MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS) ORDINANCE

The waiver was granted for a three-year period on the condition that Lok Yee Chan, as
a joint company secretary of our Company, will work closely with, and provide assistance to,
Yanju Wang in the discharge of her duties as a joint company secretary and in gaining the
relevant experience under Rule 3.28 of the Listing Rules. The waiver will be revoked
immediately if Ms. Chan ceases to provide assistance to Ms. Wang as the joint company
secretary for the three-year period after Listing. In addition, Ms. Wang will comply with the
annual professional training requirement under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules and will enhance
her knowledge of the Listing Rules during the three-year period from the Listing Date. Our
Company will further ensure that Ms. Wang has access to the relevant training and support that
would enhance her understanding of the Listing Rules and the duties of a company secretary
of an issuer listed on the Stock Exchange.

Prior to the end of the three-year period, the qualifications and experience of Yanju Wang
and the need for on-going assistance of Lok Yee Chan will be further evaluated by our
Company. We will liaise with the Stock Exchange to enable it to assess whether Ms. Wang,
having benefited from the assistance of Ms. Chan for the preceding three years, will have
acquired the skills necessary to carry out the duties of company secretary and the relevant
experience within the meaning of Rule 3.28 Note 2 of the Listing Rules so that a further waiver
will not be necessary.

Please refer to the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” for further

information regarding the qualifications of Yanju Wang and Lok Yee Chan.

WAIVER AND EXEMPTION IN RELATION TO THE PRE-IPO SHARE INCENTIVE
PLAN

Rule 17.02(1)(b) of, and paragraph 27 of Appendix 1A to,

the Listing Rules, and
paragraph 10 of Part I of the Third Schedule to the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous
Provisions) Ordinance, requires the Company to disclose, among other things, details of the
number, description and amount of any shares in or debentures of our Company which any
person has, or is entitled to be given, an option to subscribe for,
together with certain
particulars of each option, namely the period during which it is exercisable, the price to be paid
for shares or debentures subscribed for under it, the consideration (if any) given or to be given
for it or for the right to it and the names and addresses of the persons to whom it was given
(the “Share Option Disclosure Requirements”).

As of the Latest Practicable Date, our Company had granted options under the Pre-IPO
Share Incentive Plan to 322 grantees to subscribe for an aggregate of 71,910,000 Shares,
representing approximately 6.43% of the total number of Shares in issue immediately after
completion of the Global Offering (assuming the Over-allotment Option is not exercised and
no shares are issued pursuant to the Equity Plans) on the terms set out in the section headed
“Statutory and General Information – D. Equity Plans – 1. Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan” in
Appendix IV. These grantees primarily consist of our current employees, and also include
external consultants and ex-employees. No options have been granted to the Directors,
members of senior management, and other connected persons of the Company which are
outstanding.

– 121 –

