BUSINESS

Esophageal Cancer

We have initiated a multi-center Phase 2 clinical

in China of sintilimab as a
second-line monotherapy in patients with advanced or metastatic esophageal squamous cell
carcinoma. This trial is designed as a superiority trial comparing sintilimab with standard of
care chemotherapy using paclitaxel or irinotecan. We have enrolled 139 patients in 26 trial sites
as of June 7, 2018 and plan to enroll a total of 180 patients at 35 sites in this trial. The primary
endpoint of this trial is overall survival.

trial

NK/T-Cell Lymphoma

We have initiated a multi-center, single arm, Phase 2 study in China to evaluate the
efficacy and safety of sintilimab in patients with relapsed/refractory extranodal NK/T-cell
lymphoma (ENKTL) to assess the response to sintilimab treatment in ENKTL patients. Patients
are dosed 200 mg every three weeks. We have enrolled 28 patients at 6 sites at the data cutoff
of June 7, 2018, and plan to enroll a total of 60 patients in this trial. The primary endpoint of
this trial is objective response rate.

Melanoma

We are conducting a multi-center Phase 1b (dose expansion) study in China to evaluate
the safety and efficacy of sintilimab at 200 mg Q3W dose level as a monotherapy in patients
with locally advanced, relapsed or metastatic melanoma. The endpoints of this trial are
dose-limiting toxicity, tumor response, and clinical and laboratory adverse events. At the data
cutoff of June 7, 2018, we completed patient enrollment, recruiting 22 patients and exceeding
the planned sample size of 20 patients.

Gastrointestinal Cancer

We are conducting a multi-center Phase 1b (dose expansion) study in China to evaluate
the safety and efficacy of sintilimab at 200 mg Q3W dose level as a monotherapy in patients
with refractory gastrointestinal cancers. The endpoints of this trial are dose-limiting toxicity,
tumor response, and clinical and laboratory adverse events. At the data cutoff of June 7, 2018,
we completed patient enrollment, recruiting 87 patients at 4 trial sites and exceeding the
planned sample size of 50 patients.

Gastric Cancer

We are conducting a multi-center Phase 1b (dose expansion) study in China to evaluate
the safety and efficacy of sintilimab at 200 mg Q3W dose level
in combination with
capecitabine (Xeloda) and oxaliplatin (Eloxatin) in patients with first-line gastric cancer. The
endpoints of this trial are dose-limiting toxicity, tumor response, and clinical and laboratory
adverse events. At the data cutoff of June 7, 2018, we recruited 4 out of 20 planned patients
and opened one trial site.

– 241 –

