BUSINESS

We still rent 2,425 m2 of office space in Suzhou where our Company was based before
we built our main campus, and we continue to use this space for research and administrative
functions. The relevant rental agreement provides a rental term that expires in November 2018.
We also rent 1,893.88 m2 of office space in Shanghai for administrative functions. The relevant
rental agreement provides a rental term that expires in January 2023. In addition, we rent
980.47 m2 of office space in Beijing for administrative functions and the rental term provided
by the rental agreement expires in October 2021.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

Intellectual property rights are important to the success of our business. Our future
commercial success depends, in part, on our ability to obtain and maintain patent and other
intellectual property and proprietary protections for commercially important technologies,
inventions and know-how related to our business, defend and enforce our patents, preserve the
confidentiality of our trade secrets, and operate without
infringing, misappropriating or
otherwise violating the valid, enforceable intellectual property rights of third parties.

As of the Latest Practicable Date, we own 19 issued patents and 34 patent applications
in China, 1 issued patent and 7 patent applications in the United States, and 11 issued patents
and 51 patent applications in the rest of the world relating to certain of our drug candidates and
technologies. These patent applications include 16 pending international patent applications
under the Patent Cooperation Treaty, or PCT. We have filed seven of these nationally in various
jurisdictions, including the European Union, and we plan to file the other 9 nationally in the
United States and other jurisdictions, as well as additional priority PCT applications. We are
also pursuing additional patent protection for these drug candidates and technologies, as well
as for other of our drug candidates and technologies. As of the Latest Practicable Date, in
relation to our four core drug candidates in clinical trials, we own three issued Chinese patents
and three pending Chinese patent applications, two pending U.S. patent applications, and four
pending PCT applications, among others. The patent portfolios for our four core drug
candidates and three other clinical stage drug candidates as of the Latest Practicable Date are
summarized below:

– 307 –

