SUMMARY

This summary aims to give you an overview of the information contained in this
prospectus. As this is a summary, it does not contain all the information that may be
important to you. You should read the entire document before you decide to invest in the
Offer Shares. In particular, we are a biotechnology company seeking to list on the Main
Board of the Stock Exchange under Chapter 18A of the Listing Rules on the basis that
we are unable to meet the requirements under Rule 8.05 (1), (2) or (3) of the Listing
Rules. There are unique challenges, risks and uncertainties associated with investing in
companies such as ours. Your investment decision should be made in light of these
considerations.

There are risks associated with any investment. Some of the particular risks in
investing in the Offer Shares are set out in the section headed “Risk Factors” in this
prospectus. You should read that section carefully before you decide to invest in the Offer
Shares.

OVERVIEW

Our mission is to create a world-class China-based biopharmaceutical company that
develops and commercializes high quality drugs that are affordable to ordinary people. We
were founded in 2011 by our visionary leader, Dr. De-Chao Michael Yu, a highly accomplished
scientist, innovator and entrepreneur. Dr. Yu invented the world’s first oncolytic virus-based
immunotherapeutic product, Oncorine, and also co-invented and led the development of the
first domestic innovative fully human antibody-like therapeutic approved for marketing in
China, Conbercept. We are committed to innovation in drug development and have instituted
global quality standards for every aspect of our Company’s business and operations.

China’s biologics market has experienced rapid growth in the past few years, more so than
the global biologics market, and we believe it will continue its robust growth in the future,
driven by the unmet needs of the cancer patient population, increasing healthcare expenditures,
favorable government policies,
the approval of new biologics therapies and increased
investment in research and development. According to Frost & Sullivan, a leading global
market research and consulting firm, China’s biologics market grew from RMB86.2 billion in
2013 in terms of market size to RMB218.5 billion in 2017, representing a CAGR of 26.2%
during the period.

To capitalize on this tremendous market opportunity, we have developed our fully-
integrated platform which boasts advanced research, discovery, development, manufacturing
and commercialization capabilities. These capabilities have enabled us to build a robust
pipeline of innovative and commercially promising monoclonal antibodies and other biologics
in the fields of oncology, ophthalmology, and autoimmune and metabolic diseases. The full
integration of our platform enables smooth collaboration between different functional groups
at key points in the lifecycle of a drug candidate with the aim of increasing both the speed of
development and the likelihood of success while at
the same time reducing the cost of
development. This platform is the engine that drives our business and allows us to manage the
risks of drug development.

– 1 –

