SUMMARY

RISK FACTORS

Our operations and the Global Offering involve certain risks and uncertainties, some of
which are beyond our control and may affect your decision to invest in us and/or the value of
your investment. See the section headed “Risk Factors” for details of our risk factors, which
we strongly urge you to read in full before making an investment in our Shares. Some of the
major risks we face include:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

The price and trading volume of our Shares could be volatile, which may lead to
substantial losses to investors.

We have incurred significant net losses since our inception and anticipate that we
will continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future and may never become
profitable.

We have a limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate our
current business and predict our future performance.

We depend substantially on the success of our drug candidates, all of which are in
pre-clinical or clinical development, and our ability to identify additional drug
candidates. If we are unable to successfully identify new drug candidates, complete
clinical development, obtain regulatory approval and commercialize our drug
candidates, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be
materially harmed.

Clinical drug development
involves a lengthy and expensive process with an
uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials and non-head-to-head
analyses (e.g., comparisons with competing drugs based on their publicly available
study and trial data) may not be predictive of future trial results.

We have no experience in launching and marketing drug candidates. If we are unable
to further develop marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements with
third parties to market and sell our drug candidates, we may not be able to generate
product sales revenue.

We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing
or commercializing competing drugs before or more successfully than we do.

If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our drug candidates
through intellectual property rights, or if the scope of such intellectual property
rights obtained is not
third parties could develop and
commercialize products and technologies similar or identical to ours and complete
directly against us, and our ability to successfully commercialize any product or
technology may be adversely affected.

sufficiently broad,

Our rights to develop and commercialize our drug candidates are subject, in part, to
the terms and conditions of licenses granted to us by others.

Our future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract,
retain and motivate qualified personnel.

– 18 –

