HISTORY, DEVELOPMENT AND CORPORATE STRUCTURE

Beijing Jun Lian is a limited partnership established under the laws of the PRC, which
manages Easy Swift Limited, a wholly-owned special purpose vehicle incorporated under the
laws of the British Virgin Islands. Beijing Jun Lian is managed by Legend Capital and its
affiliates. Legend Capital is a leading growth equity investor with offices in Beijing, Shanghai,
Shenzhen, and Hong Kong, focusing on high-quality growth opportunities in China, such as
telecommunications, media and technology (TMT), consumer and healthcare sectors.

Shanghai Sa Wang is a private equity fund based in China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade
Zone and is managed by Shanghai Milestone Asset Management Co., Ltd., a company with
multiple types of funds such as active management funds and private investment in public
equity funds and a focus on industrial
investments and investment
consulting.

investments, medical

China Life is a private equity investment fund registered in Shanghai Free Trade Zone,
China, focusing on the healthcare industry. The fund is managed by China Life Private Equity
Investment Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Life Investment Holding Company
Limited, which is a subsidiary of China Life Insurance (Group) Company, which focuses on
alternative investment and management.

Shanghai Pengfang Health Consultation Co., Ltd.

(上海芃昉健康諮詢有限公司)
(“Shanghai Pengfang”), a limited liability company established under the laws of the PRC, is
wholly-owned by Taikang. Taikang in turn is wholly-owned by Taikang Insurance Group Inc,
a limited liability company established under the laws of the PRC.

Shanghai Chiyi was established as a limited partnership under the laws of the PRC on
December 3, 2015. Its main business is equity investment, focusing in particular on areas
including telecommunications, pharmaceuticals, and financial technology. Its general partner is
Shanghai Xiheng Asset Management Co., Ltd. (上海晞恒資產管理有限公司).

Capital Group Private Markets are investment holding companies which are incorporated
in the Cayman Islands with limited liability. Seacliff (Cayman) Ltd. is wholly-owned by
Capital International Private Equity Fund VI, L.P. (“CIPEF VI”) and Dwyer (Cayman) Ltd. is
wholly-owned by CGPE VI, L.P. (“CGPE VI”). CIPEF VI is a US$3 billion global emerging
markets private equity fund which is managed by Capital International, Inc., a subsidiary of
The Capital Group Companies (“Capital Group”), a leading global investment management
organization with over 85 years of experience. CGPE VI is an employee vehicle of Capital
Group that co-invests alongside CIPEF VI.

Taikang AMC HK is a company incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong. It is a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Taikang Asset Management Company Limited (“Taikang AMC”).
Taikang AMC is the wholly owned subsidiary of Taikang Insurance Group. Taikang AMC HK
is partially responsible for Taikang AMC’s overseas investment management businesses and
forms an important
international asset allocation channel for Taikang assets and serving
overseas customers. Taikang AMC HK is licensed by the SFC for Type 1 (Dealing in
Securities), Type 4 (Advising on Securities) and Type 9 (Asset Management) regulated
activities and has obtained the QFII and RQFII qualifications.

– 205 –

