RISK FACTORS

promotion, sampling, record-keeping, conduct of post-marketing studies, and submission of
safety, efficacy, and other post-market
including both federal and state
requirements in the United States and requirements of comparable regulatory authorities in
China and other countries.

information,

Manufacturers and manufacturers’ facilities are required to comply with extensive
NMPA, FDA, EMA and comparable regulatory authority requirements ensuring that quality
control and manufacturing procedures conform to cGMP regulations. As such, we will be
subject to continual review and inspections to assess compliance with cGMP and adherence to
commitments made in any New Drug Application, or NDA, other marketing application, and
previous responses to any inspection observations. Accordingly, we and others with whom we
work must continue to expend time, money and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance,
including manufacturing, production and quality control.

Any approvals that we receive for our drug candidates may be subject to limitations on
the approved indicated uses for which the drug may be marketed or to the conditions of
approval, which could adversely affect the drug’s commercial potential or contain requirements
for potentially costly post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy
of the drug candidate. The NMPA, FDA, EMA or a comparable regulatory authority may also
require a risk evaluation mitigation strategy program as a condition of approval of our drug
candidates or following approval. In addition, if the NMPA, FDA, EMA or a comparable
regulatory authority approves our drug candidates, we will have to comply with requirements,
including, for example, submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and
reports, registration, as well as continued compliance with cGMP and good clinical practice,
or GCP, for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval.

The NMPA and other regulatory authorities strictly regulate the marketing, labeling,
advertising and promotion of products that are placed on the market. Drugs may be promoted
only for their approved indications and for use in accordance with the provisions of the
approved label. The NMPA, FDA, EMA and other regulatory authorities actively enforce the
laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found
to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability.

Approval pathway for biosimilars in China remains fluid, which may adversely affect the
regulatory approval of our biosimilars drug candidates.

The NMPA issued the Technical Guideline for the Research, Development and Evaluation
of Biosimilars (Tentative) (the “Biosimilars Guideline”) on February 28, 2015. The Biosimilars
Guideline outlines the regulatory framework for biosimilars, aiming to move toward a clear
industry structure for the development of biosimilars. The Biosimilar Guideline does not offer
an alternative pathway for launching biosimilar products in China; rather, biosimilars are
essentially subject to the same approval pathway as innovative biologics, only with a different
set of data requirements. Applicants must mark in their IND and NDA applications that
submissions are intended to be reviewed as biosimilars. No products are known to have
obtained approval in China under the Biosimilar Guideline. In addition, various uncertainties

– 68 –

