APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

NOTES TO HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION

1.

GENERAL

The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability on 28
April 2011. The respective address of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are stated
at the “Corporate Information” section of the Prospectus.

The Company is an investment holding company. The Company’s subsidiaries are principally engaged in
research and development of antibody and protein medicine products, sale of self-made products, and provision of
related technology transfer, consultation and services.

The functional currency of the Company is Renminbi (“RMB”), which is the same as the presentation currency

of the Historical Financial Information.

2.

BASIS OF PREPARATION OF HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION

The Historical Financial Information has been prepared based on the accounting policies set out in note 4

which conform with IFRSs issued by the IASB.

No statutory financial statements of the Company have been prepared since its date of incorporation as it is

incorporated in the jurisdiction where there are no statutory audit requirements.

3.

ADOPTION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRSs

For the purpose of preparing and presenting the Historical Financial Information for the Relevant Periods, the
Group has consistently applied the accounting policies which conform with the IFRSs, which are effective for the
Group’s accounting period beginning on 1 January 2018 throughout the Relevant Periods.

In addition, the Group has applied Amendments to IFRS 9 Prepayment Feature with Negative Compensation

in advance of the effective date, i.e. January 2019.

At the date of this report, the following new and amendments to IFRSs and interpretation have been issued but

not yet effective:

IFRS 16
IFRS 17
IFRIC 23
Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28

Leases1
Insurance Contracts3
Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments1
Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its

Amendments to IAS 19
Amendments to IAS 28
Amendments to IFRSs

Associate or Joint Venture2

Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement1
Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures1
Annual Improvements to IFRS standards 2015 – 2017 Cycle1

1

2

3

Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019
Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined
Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021

Except as described below, the directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all the other new
and amendments to IFRS and Interpretations will have no material impact on the Group’s financial performance and
positions and/or on the disclosures to the Group’s Historical Financial Information.

– I-12 –

