INFORMATION ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS AND THE GLOBAL OFFERING

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE CONTENTS OF THIS PROSPECTUS

This prospectus, for which our Directors collectively and individually accept full
responsibility, includes particulars given in compliance with the Companies (Winding Up and
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance, the Securities and Futures (Stock Market Listing) Rules
(Chapter 571V of the Laws of Hong Kong) and the Listing Rules for the purpose of giving
information to the public with regard to our Group. Our Directors, having made all reasonable
enquiries, confirm that to the best of their knowledge and belief the information contained in
this prospectus is accurate and complete in all material respects and not misleading or
deceptive, and there are no other matters the omission of which would make any statement
herein or this prospectus misleading.

GLOBAL OFFERING

This prospectus is published solely in connection with the Hong Kong Public Offering,
which forms part of the Global Offering. For applicants under the Hong Kong Public Offering,
this prospectus and the Application Forms contain the terms and conditions of the Hong Kong
Public Offering.

The Hong Kong Offer Shares are offered solely on the basis of the information contained
and representations made in this prospectus and the Application Forms and on the terms and
subject to the conditions set out herein and therein. No person is authorised to give any
information in connection with the Global Offering or to make any representation not
contained in this prospectus and the relevant Application Forms, and any information or
representation not contained herein and therein must not be relied upon as having been
authorised by our Company, the Joint Sponsors, the Joint Global Coordinators, the Joint
Bookrunners, the Joint Lead Managers and any of the Underwriters, any of their respective
directors, agents, employees or advisers or any other party involved in the Global Offering.

The Listing is sponsored by the Joint Sponsors and the Global Offering is managed by the
Joint Global Coordinators. Pursuant to the Hong Kong Underwriting Agreement, the Hong
Kong Public Offering is fully underwritten by the Hong Kong Underwriters under the terms of
the Hong Kong Underwriting Agreement, subject
to agreement on the Offer Price to be
determined between the Joint Global Coordinators (on behalf of the Underwriters) and our
Company on the Price Determination Date. The International Offering is expected to be fully
underwritten by the International Underwriters subject to the terms and conditions of the
International Underwriting Agreement, which is expected to be entered into on or about the
Price Determination Date.

The Offer Price is expected to be determined between the Joint Global Coordinators (on
behalf of the Underwriters) and our Company on the Price Determination Date. The Price
Determination Date is expected to be on or around Tuesday, October 23, 2018 and, in any
event, not later than Tuesday, October 30, 2018 (unless otherwise determined between the Joint
Global Coordinators (on behalf of the Underwriters) and our Company). If, for whatever
reason, the Offer Price is not agreed between the Joint Global Coordinators and our Company
on or before Tuesday, October 30, 2018, the Global Offering will not become unconditional and
will lapse immediately.

– 127 –

