HISTORY, DEVELOPMENT AND CORPORATE STRUCTURE

network of international offices, Temasek owns a S$308 billion (RMB1.48 trillion) portfolio as
at 31 March 2018, with significant exposure to Singapore and the rest of Asia. Temasek’s
investment activities are guided by four investment themes and the long term trends they
represent: Transforming Economies; Growing Middle Income Populations; Deepening
Comparative Advantages; and Emerging Champions. Temasek’s investment strategy allows it
to capture opportunities across the sectors in which they invest that help bring about a better,
smarter and more connected world. Its investments in the life sciences sector include Wuxi
Apptech, Celltrion, Inc., Gilead Sciences, Inc. and Thermos Fisher Scientific Inc..

Hillhouse INOV is an investment holding company incorporated under the laws of the
British Virgin Islands and is wholly-owned by Hillhouse Fund II, L.P. (“Hillhouse Fund II”).
The sole management company of Hillhouse Fund II is Hillhouse Capital Management, Ltd, an
exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands.

Cowin China is a US$100 million private equity fund set up under the laws of the Cayman
Islands. Cowin China screens high quality companies in China, helping its clients invest and
nurturing fast growing portfolio companies ranging from Technology, Healthcare to Consumer.
Its limited partners include Oversea Chinese Banking Corporation, Bank of Singapore, Jacky
Xu, Cowin Asset Management (HK) Limited and its general partner is Cowin Capital
Investment Limited.

CBC is a special purpose vehicle incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong whose
shareholders are C-Bridge Healthcare Fund, L.P. and Palace Investments Pte. Ltd.. C-Bridge
Healthcare Fund, L.P. is a Cayman Islands private equity fund managed by C-Bridge Capital
Investment Management, Ltd., focusing on investments in the China healthcare sector.

Future Industry is a limited partnership established under the laws of the PRC, which
established a wholly-owned special purpose vehicle, Future Industry Investment (BVI) Co.,
Limited, in the British Virgin Islands. The executive partner of Future Industry is SDIC Fund
Management Co., Ltd. (國投創新投資管理有限公司). Its main investors include the Ministry of
Finance of the PRC, National Development Investment Group Co., Ltd. (國家開發投資集團有
限公司), and ICBC Credit Suisse Investment Management Co., Ltd. (工銀瑞信投資管理有限公
司).

Shenzhen Ping’an and Jiaxing Xiang’an are controlled by Ping An Insurance (Group)
Company of China, Ltd. (“Ping An”). Ping An was established in Shekou, Shenzhen in 1988
and was the first insurance company in China to adopt a shareholding structure. It has been
developed into a personal financial services group with three core businesses-insurance,
banking and investment, enjoying unparalleled growth of its core finance and internet finance
businesses. Ping An’s shares are listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code 2318 and on the
Shanghai Stock Exchange with stock code 601318. Pingan Inno Limited and Xiangan Inno
Limited are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Shenzhen Ping’an and Jiaxing Xiang’an
respectively.

– 204 –

