RISK FACTORS

Many of the companies against which we are competing or against which we may
compete in the future have significantly greater financial, technical and human resources and
expertise in research and development, manufacturing, pre-clinical testing, conducting clinical
trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved drugs than we do. Competition
may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of new or
disruptive technologies. Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our
competitors develop and commercialize drugs that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less
severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than any drugs that we may
develop or commercialize. Our competitors also may obtain approval from the NMPA, FDA,
EMA or other comparable regulatory authorities for their drugs more rapidly than we may
obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market
position before we are able to enter the market. Additionally, new technologies developed by
our competitors may render our potential drug candidates uneconomical or obsolete before we
can recover expenses of developing and commercializing any of our drug candidates.

Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result
in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors.
Smaller and other early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors,
particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These
third parties compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management
personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as
in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs.

We may explore the licensing of commercialization rights or other forms of collaboration
worldwide, which will expose us to additional risks of conducting business in additional
international markets.

Global markets are an important component of our growth strategy. For example, we have
retained rights for the development and commercialization of a number of our drug candidates
globally. Outside China, we intend to focus on opportunities in the United States and the
European Union,
to obtain licenses or enter into collaboration
arrangements with third parties in other markets, or if third-party collaborator is not successful,
our revenue-generating growth potential will be adversely affected. Moreover, international
business relationships subject us to additional risks that may materially adversely affect our
ability to attain or sustain profitable operations, including:

in particular. If we fail

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

efforts to enter into collaboration or licensing arrangements with third parties in
connection with our international sales, marketing and distribution efforts may
increase our expenses or divert our management’s attention from the acquisition or
development of drug candidates;

difficulty of effective enforcement of contractual provisions in local jurisdictions;

third parties obtaining and maintaining patent, trade secret and other intellectual
property protection and regulatory exclusivity for our drug candidates;

– 76 –

