BUSINESS

(nivolumab), which was approved by the NMPA on June 15, 2018 for the treatment of locally
advanced or metastatic NSCLC after prior platinum-based chemotherapy in adult patients
without EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberration, and Merck’s Keytruda (pembrolizumab),
which was approved by the NMPA on July 26, 2018 for the treatment of adult patients with
unresectable or metastatic melanoma following failure of one prior line of therapy. We are
developing sintilimab to treat multiple types of cancers and are currently conducting clinical
trials with sintilimab both as a monotherapy and in combination with other therapies. In
particular, part of sintilimab forms the anti-PD-1 portion of three bi-specific antibody drug
candidates currently under our pre-clinical development,
including IBI-318, IBI-319 and
IBI-315.

Sintilimab has demonstrated an objective response rate (ORR) of 79.2% (week 24 data)
and a complete response (CR) rate of 17.7% (week 15 data) in our registration clinical trial in
96 patients in China with relapsed/refractory classical Hodgkin’s lymphoma and a safety and
toxicity profile comparable to existing approved PD-1 antibodies. We believe that sintilimab
has the potential to be a best-in-class PD-1 antibody given its biochemical and biological
properties. For example, based on biochemical assays, sintilimab binds 10-fold and 50-fold
more tightly to its target (referred to as high affinity) than pembrolizumab (sold under the trade
name Keytruda by Merck) and nivolumab (sold under the trade name Opdivo by Bristol-Myers
Squibb), respectively, and, based on in vivo pharmacodynamic comparison data, sintilimab also
occupies more of the available PD-1 binding sites at a given drug concentration (referred to as
target occupancy) than nivolumab. We expect that these characteristics of sintilimab will lead
to better clinical efficacy at the same or lower dosage level and at the same or lower frequency
of administration in comparison with existing approved PD-1 antibodies. We will co-promote
and co-brand sintilimab per the agreement with Eli Lilly in China and, subject to receipt of
NMPA approval, we plan to launch sintilimab in 2019.

Three biosimilar drug candidates in Phase 3 clinical trials in China

We are currently conducting Phase 3 clinical trials in China for three biosimilar drug
candidates, all of which have significant commercial potential. The reference drugs for each of
them have numerous approved indications:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

IBI-305 is an anti-VEGF monoclonal antibody and our biosimilar product candidate
to bevacizumab (Avastin). Bevacizumab has been approved by the FDA for the
treatment of metastatic colon cancer, lung cancers, kidney cancers, ovarian cancers
and
advanced
relapsed/refractory NSCLC and metastatic CRC. Avastin had worldwide sales of
US$6.8 billion in 2017, according to the Frost & Sullivan Report.

glioblastoma,

in China

been

approved

for

and

it

has

IBI-301 is an anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody and our biosimilar product candidate
to rituximab (MabThera/Rituxan). Rituximab has been approved by the FDA for the
treatment of non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma, chronic lymphocytic leukemia, rheumatoid
arthritis, granulomatosis with polyangiitis and pemphigus vulgaris, and it has been
approved in China for non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma. Rituxan had worldwide sales of
US$7.5 billion in 2017, according to the Frost & Sullivan Report.

– 219 –

