RISK FACTORS

Our future revenues are dependent on our ability to work effectively with collaborators
to develop our drug candidates, including to obtain regulatory approval. Our arrangements with
collaborators will be critical to successfully bringing products to market and commercializing
them. We rely on collaborators in various respects,
including to undertake research and
development programs and conduct clinical trials, manage or assist with the regulatory filings
and approval process and to assist with our commercialization efforts. We do not control our
collaborators; therefore, we cannot ensure that these third parties will adequately and timely
perform all of
to complete the remaining studies
successfully, or at all, it could delay, adversely affect or prevent regulatory approval. We
cannot guarantee the satisfactory performance of any of our collaborators and if any of our
collaborators breach or terminate their agreements with us, we may not be able to successfully
commercialize the licensed product which could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

their obligations to us.

If

they fail

We have entered into collaborations and may form or seek collaborations or strategic
alliances or enter into additional licensing arrangements in the future, and we may not
realize the benefits of such alliances or licensing arrangements.

We may form or seek strategic alliances, create joint ventures or collaborations, or enter
into additional licensing arrangements with third parties that we believe will complement or
augment our development and commercialization efforts with respect to our drug candidates
and any future drug candidates that we may develop. Any of these relationships may require
us to incur non-recurring and other charges, increase our near and long-term expenditures,
issue securities that dilute our existing shareholders, or disrupt our management and business.

Our strategic collaboration with Eli Lilly involves numerous risks. We may not achieve
the revenue and cost synergies expected from the transaction. These synergies are inherently
uncertain, and are subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and
contingencies, many of which are difficult to predict and are beyond our control. If we achieve
the expected benefits, they may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame. Also, the
synergies from our collaboration with Eli Lilly may be offset by other costs incurred in
collaborating with Eli Lilly, increases in other expenses, operating losses or problems in the
business unrelated to our collaboration with Eli Lilly. As a result, there can be no assurance that
these synergies will be achieved.

We face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners and the
negotiation process is time-consuming and complex. Moreover, we may not be successful in
our efforts to establish a strategic partnership or other alternative arrangements for our drug
candidates because they may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development for
collaborative effort and third parties may not view our drug candidates as having the requisite
potential
If and when we
collaborate with a third party for development and commercialization of a drug candidate, we
can expect to relinquish some or all of the control over the future success of that drug candidate
to the third party. For any drug candidates that we may seek to in-license from third parties,
we may face significant competition from other pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies
with greater resources or capabilities than us, and any agreement that we do enter into may not
result in the anticipated benefits.

to demonstrate safety and efficacy or commercial viability.

– 92 –

