BUSINESS

Licenses, Rights and Obligations

We obtained an exclusive license for IBI-303 cell line from Aragen Bioscience. Other
than the obligation to pay a US$30,000 approval milestone, we have no further obligations to
Aragen Bioscience. We have the rights to out-license the molecule globally but have not done
so as of the Latest Practicable Date.

WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ULTIMATELY DEVELOP AND MARKET IBI-303
SUCCESSFULLY.

Our Phase 1 Innovative Drug Candidates

IBI-306

IBI-306 is a fully human monoclonal antibody drug candidate that we are evaluating for
the treatment of hyperlipidemia which is characterized by high levels of lipids in the blood,
including fatty acids, cholesterol and triglycerides.

Mechanism of Action

IBI-306 binds to a protein called proprotein convertase substilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9),
preventing its interaction with the low-density lipoprotein cholesterol receptor (LDL-R) and
restoring the recycling of LDL-R and the uptake of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol
(LDL-C). This mechanism of action positions IBI-306 as a potentially important treatment
approach for hyperlipidemia, especially for those with ultrahigh cholesterol.

Market Opportunity and Competition

Nowadays, hypercholesterolemia has become a serious issue in China’s society. The
patients with hypercholesterolemia increased rapidly in recent years due to unhealthy diet and
life style and population ageing. The number of hypercholesterolemia patients in China
increased at a CAGR of 4.4% from 66.8 million in 2013 to 79.3 million in 2017, and is
expected to further increase to 95.9 million in 2022 and 110.5 million in 2030, according to the
Frost & Sullivan Report.

FDA has approved two anti-PCSK9 antibodies, including evolocumab (sold under the
trade name Repatha by Amgen) and alirocumab (sold under the trade name Praluent by Sanofi).
These drugs have been a significant advance in the treatment of high blood cholesterol and had
aggregate worldwide sales of US$490 million in 2017.

– 264 –

