HOW TO APPLY FOR HONG KONG OFFER SHARES

To ensure that CCASS Investor Participants can give their electronic application
instructions, they are advised not to wait until the last minute to input their instructions to the
systems. In the event that CCASS Investor Participants have problems in the connection to
CCASS Phone System/CASS Internet System for submission of electronic application
instructions, they should either (i) submit a WHITE or YELLOW Application Form, or (ii)
go to HKSCC’s Customer Service Centre to complete an input request form for electronic
application instructions before 12:00 noon on Tuesday, October 23, 2018, the last day for
applications, or such later time as described in “Effect of Bad Weather on the Opening of the
Application Lists” below.

8. HOW MANY APPLICATIONS CAN YOU MAKE

Multiple applications for the Hong Kong Offer Shares are not allowed except by
nominees. If you are a nominee, in the box on the Application Form marked “For nominees”
you must include:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

an account number; or

some other identification code,

for each beneficial owner or, in the case of joint beneficial owners, for each joint beneficial
owner. If you do not include this information, the application will be treated as being made for
your benefit.

All of your applications will be rejected if more than one application on a WHITE or
YELLOW Application Form or by giving electronic application instructions to HKSCC or
through the White Form eIPO service, is made for your benefit (including the part of the
application made by HKSCC Nominees acting on electronic application instructions). If an
application is made by an unlisted company and:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

the principal business of that company is dealing in securities; and

you exercise statutory control over that company,

then the application will be treated as being for your benefit.

“Unlisted company” means a company with no equity securities listed on the Stock

Exchange.

“Statutory control” means you:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

control the composition of the board of directors of the company;

control more than half of the voting power of the company; or

hold more than half of the issued share capital of the company (not counting any part
of it which carries no right to participate beyond a specified amount in a distribution
of either profits or capital).

– 420 –

