HOW TO APPLY FOR HONG KONG OFFER SHARES

CCASS Investor Participants can input electronic application instructions from 9:00
a.m. on Thursday, October 18, 2018 until 12:00 noon on Tuesday, October 23, 2018 (24 hours
daily, except on Tuesday, October 23, 2018, the last application day).

The latest time for inputting your electronic application instructions will be 12:00 noon
on Tuesday, October 23, 2018, the last application day or such later time as described in “Effect
of Bad Weather on the Opening of the Application Lists” in this section.

Note:

(1)

These times are subject to change as HKSCC may determine from time to time with prior notification
to CCASS Clearing/Custodian Participants and/or CCASS Investor Participants.

No Multiple Applications

If you are suspected of having made multiple applications or if more than one application
is made for your benefit, the number of Hong Kong Offer Shares applied for by HKSCC
Nominees will be automatically reduced by the number of Hong Kong Offer Shares for which
you have given such instructions and/or for which such instructions have been given for your
benefit. Any electronic application instructions to make an application for the Hong Kong
Offer Shares given by you or for your benefit to HKSCC shall be deemed to be an actual
application for the purposes of considering whether multiple applications have been made.

Section 40 of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance

For the avoidance of doubt, the Company and all other parties involved in the preparation
of this prospectus acknowledge that each CCASS Participant who gives or causes to give
electronic application instructions is a person who may be entitled to compensation under
Section 40 of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance.

Personal Data

The section of the Application Form headed “Personal Data” applies to any personal data
held by the Company, the Hong Kong Share Registrar, the receiving bankers, the Joint Global
Coordinators, the Underwriters and any of their respective advisers and agents about you in the
same way as it applies to personal data about applicants other than HKSCC Nominees.

7. WARNING FOR ELECTRONIC APPLICATIONS

The subscription of the Hong Kong Offer Shares by giving electronic application
instructions to HKSCC is only a facility provided to CCASS Participants. Similarly, the
application for Hong Kong Offer Shares through the White Form eIPO service is also only a
facility provided by the White Form eIPO Service Provider to public investors. Such facilities
are subject to capacity limitations and potential service interruptions and you are advised not
to wait until the last application day in making your electronic applications. The Company, the
Directors, the Joint Bookrunners, the Joint Sponsors, the Joint Global Coordinators and the
Underwriters take no responsibility for such applications and provide no assurance that any
CCASS Participant or person applying through the White Form eIPO service will be allotted
any Hong Kong Offer Shares.

– 419 –

