BUSINESS

Step 4: Clinical Confirmation Studies

We are conducting a randomized, double blind, multi-center, Phase 3 clinical trial in
China to evaluate the safety, efficacy and immunogenicity of IBI-303 compared to Humira at
a dose level of 40 mg SC Q2W in adult patients with active ankylosing spondylitis who have
had an inadequate response to or are intolerant to one or more nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory
drugs. As of June 7, 2018, we have completed enrollment of 438 patients in this trial, exceeding
our planned 400 patients. The primary endpoint of the study is ASAS-20 (Assessments in
Ankylosing Spondylitis Assessment of Response 20), which is a standard tool to score for
response in ankylosing spondylitis patients.

We had a pre-NDA meeting with the NMPA on September 10, 2018, and based on internal
review of the progress of this trial, we expect to complete this trial in the second half of 2018
and, if the data from this trial establishes biosimilarity between IBI-303 and Humira, to submit
an NDA to the NMPA in the fourth quarter of 2018.

We have not seen unexpected adverse events with IBI-303 in this trial as of the Latest
Practicable Date. The aggregate safety data for this trial cannot be disclosed at the date of this
prospectus because the trial is double blind and has not been unblinded yet and the trial data
base has only recently been locked. The blinded analysis of the interim trial data shows that
the safety profile of IBI-303 is consistent with the reported safety profile for Humira. We
expect the safety data to become available for disclosure in the fourth quarter of 2018 and we
will promptly disclose such data by way of announcement on the Stock Exchange.

Adverse reactions to the reference drug

According to the prescribing information of Humuira, the most common adverse
reaction with Humira was injection site reactions. In placebo-controlled trials, 20% of
patients treated with Humira developed injection site reactions (erythema and/or itching,
hemorrhage, pain or swelling), compared to 14% of patients receiving placebo. Most
injection site reactions were described as mild and generally did not necessitate drug
discontinuation.

The proportion of patients who discontinued treatment due to adverse reactions
during the double-blind, placebo-controlled portion of studies in patients with rheumatoid
arthritis (RA) was 7% for patients taking Humira and 4% for placebo-treated patients. The
most common adverse reactions leading to discontinuation of Humira in these RA studies
were clinical flare reaction (0.7%), rash (0.3%) and pneumonia (0.3%).

In the controlled portions of the 39 global Humira clinical trials in adult patients
with Humira targeted indications, such as RA and ankylosing spondylitis, the rate of
serious infections was 4.3 per 100 patient-years in 7,973 Humira-treated patients versus
a rate of 2.9 per 100 patient-years in 4,848 control-treated patients. Serious infections
observed included pneumonia, septic arthritis, prosthetic and postsurgical infections,
erysipelas, cellulitis, diverticulitis, and pyelonephritis.

– 263 –

