REGULATIONS

checks and acceptance of the corresponding environmental protection facilities. The said
construction project may be put into operation or use only after the completion of the said
checks and acceptance procedures.

Water Pollution

According to the Law of the PRC on Prevention and Control of Water Pollution (《中華
人民共和國水污染防治法》) effective on November 1, 1984 and amended on May 15, 1996
and February 28, 2008 respectively, construction, renovation and expansion projects and other
upper-water facilities that directly or indirectly discharge pollutants to water are subject to
environmental
In addition, water pollution prevention facilities are
required to be designed, constructed and put into operation simultaneously with the main part
of
the relevant
environmental protection administrative authorities inspect and accept their water pollution
prevention facilities.

the project. No construction projects may be put

impact assessment.

into operation until

Pollutant Discharge

The Environmental Protection Law of the PRC stipulates that the government shall
the pollutant emission license administration system. Pollutant discharge by
implement
enterprises, public institutions and other producers and business operators is subject to relevant
pollutant emission license. The Environmental Protection Law of the PRC requires any entity
operating a facility that produces pollutants or other hazardous materials
to adopt
environmental protection measures in its operations, and to establish an environmental
protection responsibility management system. Effective measures to control and properly
dispose of waste gas, waste water, waste residue, dust or other waste materials shall be adopted.
Any entity operating a facility that discharges pollutants shall report to and register with the
competent authority pursuant
to applicable regulations. According to the Environmental
Protection Law of the PRC, in the event that an entity discharges pollutants in violation of the
pollutant discharge standards or volume control requirement, the entity would be subject to
administrative penalties, including order to suspend business for rectification, and even order
to terminate or close down business under severe circumstances.

Hazardous Chemicals

Regulation on Safety Administration of Hazardous Chemicals (《危險化學品安全管理條
例》) (the “Hazardous Chemicals Regulation”) was promulgated by the State Council on
January 26, 2002 and amended on March 2, 2011 and December 7, 2013. The Hazardous
Chemicals Regulation provides regulatory requirements on the safe production, storage, use,
operation and transportation of hazardous chemicals. The PRC government exerts strict control
over, and adopts an examination and approval system of, the manufacture and storage of
hazardous chemicals.

An enterprise that stores and uses hazardous chemicals is required to appoint a qualified
institution to conduct safety evaluation of its safety production conditions once every three
years and to prepare the safety evaluation report accordingly. Such report shall set out the

– 189 –

