RISK FACTORS

implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be more difficult to evaluate the outcome
of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy than in more
developed legal systems. These uncertainties may impede our ability to enforce the contracts
we have entered into and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations.

PRC regulations relating to the establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC
residents may subject our PRC resident beneficial owners or our wholly foreign-owned
subsidiaries in China to liability or penalties, limit our ability to inject capital into these
subsidiaries, limit these subsidiaries’ ability to increase their registered capital or distribute
profits to us, or may otherwise adversely affect us.

In 2014,

the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, promulgated the
Circular on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control on Domestic Residents’
Offshore Investment and Financing and Roundtrip Investment
through Special Purpose
Vehicles, or SAFE Circular 37. SAFE Circular 37 requires PRC residents to register with local
branches of SAFE or competent banks designated by SAFE in connection with their direct
establishment or indirect control of an offshore entity, for the purpose of overseas investment
and financing, with such PRC residents’ legally owned assets or equity interests in domestic
enterprises or offshore assets or interests, referred to in SAFE Circular 37 as a “special purpose
vehicle.” The term “PRC residents” under SAFE Circular 37 is defined as the PRC citizens
holding PRC ID or non-PRC citizens habitually residing in China due to economic interests.
The term “control” under SAFE Circular 37 is broadly defined as the operation rights,
beneficiary rights or decision-making rights acquired by the PRC residents in the offshore
special purpose vehicles or PRC companies by such means as acquisition, trust, proxy, voting
rights, repurchase, convertible bonds or other arrangements. SAFE Circular 37 further requires
amendment to the registration in the event of any changes with respect to the basic information
of or any significant changes with respect to the special purpose vehicle. If the shareholders
of the offshore holding company who are PRC residents do not complete their registration with
the local SAFE branches, the PRC subsidiaries may be prohibited from distributing their profits
and proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation to the offshore
company, and the offshore company may be restricted in its ability to contribute additional
capital
to its PRC subsidiaries. Moreover, failure to comply with SAFE registration and
amendment requirements described above could result in liability under PRC law for evasion
of applicable foreign exchange restrictions. Our PRC legal adviser further advises that there
still remains uncertainty as to interpretation and implementation of SAFE Circular 37 and
relevant implementation rules at practice level. Based on an interview performed by us and our
PRC legal adviser with the competent branch of SAFE, our PRC legal adviser is of the view
that, Dr. De-Chao Michael Yu, Ph. D. and other individual shareholders of the Company as of
the Latest Practicable Date are not
to the
requirements of SAFE Circular 37 and relevant implementation rules.

registration pursuant

required to conduct

We are committed to ensuring our and our shareholders’ and beneficial owners’
compliance with applicable PRC rules and regulations. However, we may not be informed of
the identities of all the PRC residents holding direct or indirect interest in our Company, and

– 107 –

