APPENDIX IV

STATUTORY AND GENERAL INFORMATION

(g) Options and SAR Grant Program

(i)

Exercise of option

An Option or SAR may be exercised only to the extent that it is vested and
exercisable. The Administrator may, in its discretion, designate any Option or SAR
as an “early exercise Option” or “early exercise SAR” which, by express provision
in the applicable Award Agreement, may be exercised prior to the date such Option
or SAR has vested.

The Administrator will determine the vesting and/or exercisability provisions
of each Option or SAR, which will be set forth in the applicable Award Agreement.
Unless the Administrator otherwise expressly provides, once exercisable an Option
or SAR will remain exercisable until the expiration or earlier termination of the
Option or SAR.

(ii) Option or SAR price

The Administrator will determine the purchase price per share of the Ordinary
Shares covered by each Option (the “exercise price” of the Option) at the time of the
grant of the Option, which exercise price will be set forth in the applicable Award
Agreement. The exercise price of an Option may be a fixed price based on the par
value of an Ordinary Share or variable price related to the Fair Market Value of an
Ordinary Share.

The Administrator will determine the base price per share of the Ordinary
Shares covered by each SAR at the time of the grant of the SAR, which base price
will be set forth in the applicable Award Agreement.

(iii) Incentive Stock Option Status

The Administrator will designate each Option granted under the Pre-IPO Share
Incentive Plan to a U.S.
resident as either an Incentive Stock Option or a
Nonqualified Option, and such designation shall be set forth in the applicable Award
Agreement. Any Option granted under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan to a U.S.
resident that is not expressly designated in the applicable Award Agreement as an
Incentive Stock Option will be deemed to be designated a Nonqualified Option
under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan.

The Administrator may designate any Option granted under the Pre-IPO Share
Incentive Plan to a non-U.S. resident in accordance with the rules and regulations
applicable to options in the jurisdiction in which such person is a resident.

– IV-23 –

