DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

(iv) Other information of any nature made known to the employee during his term of

employment in the Group.

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

Confidential obligation. The employee shall not disclose, copy or utilize such information
beyond his scope of work, or disclose or allow it to be disclosed to any third party
(including other employees outside of work purposes), or gain access to such information
through theft, bribery, threat or other illegal ways.

Confidential period. The confidentiality obligations shall continue to be in effect after the
departure of the employee, unless such trade secrets become public knowledge.

Intellectual Property Rights Assignment

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

Disclosure obligation. During the term of employment and within one year from the date
of an employee’s departure, he/she shall immediately disclose to the Company all the
information of any intellectual property, technology or trade secrets that is relevant to the
Company’s current or potential business, products or
research, developed by the
employee alone or with others (the “disclosure obligation”).

Technical achievements as result of employment. All technical achievements produced by
the employee solely or jointly with others (i) within his scope of work, (ii) in carrying out
other assigned duties, (iii) within one year after termination of employment, or (iv) using
resources or technical
information of the Company, shall be the result of his/her
employment. All intellectual property rights or other property rights in relation to these
technical achievements shall belong to the Company in all respects. Throughout the term
of the disclosure obligation, the employee is obliged to take all required actions to assist
the Company in maintenance of any rights relevant to such achievements.

Restrictive obligations. The employee shall not utilize on his or her own, allow any third
parties to utilize, apply for local or foreign patents, or transfer the right to apply for patent
to any third parties, for the technical achievements that are result of his or her
employment without prior approval in writing by the Company.

Technical achievements not result of employment. The employee shall declare in writing
to and seek confirmation from the Company on any technical achievements he or she is
in the opinion that are not result of his or her employment. Once such confirmation is
received, the employee shall personally own the intellectual property rights to such
achievements, but shall not apply for local or foreign patents for such without
the
Company’s written approval.

Non-competition

(cid:129)

Non-competition obligation. Within two years from the date of an employee’s departure,
he shall not engage in any business that competes with the Company, nor shall he have
any competitive relationship with the Company or other interests. He shall not directly or
indirectly hold equity of any company that has a competitive relationship with the
Company in any form.

– 378 –

