BUSINESS

Step 4: Clinical Confirmation Studies

We are conducting a randomized, double-blind, multi-center, Phase 3 trial in China to
evaluate the efficacy, PK/PD, safety and immunogenicity of IBI-301 for the treatment of
patients with first-line diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) in combination with standard
chemotherapy. The primary endpoint of
is objective response rate. As of
September 14, 2018, we opened 52 trial sites and completed patient enrollment. We recruited
a total of 419 patients in this trial, exceeding our planned 400 patients. Based on internal
review of the progress of this trial and preliminary clinical observations, we expect to complete
this trial and, if the data demonstrates biosimilarity, to have a pre-NDA meeting with, and
submit an NDA to, the NMPA in the fourth quarter of 2019.

trial

this

We have not seen unexpected adverse events with IBI-301 in this trial. The aggregate
safety data for this trial cannot be disclosed at the date of this prospectus because the trial is
double blind and is still ongoing. We have not encountered any material inconsistencies with
the reported safety profile for Rituxan in the aggregated data from this clinic trial program. We
expect the safety data to become available for disclosure in the third quarter of 2019 after trial
completion and we will promptly disclose such data by way of announcement on the Stock
Exchange.

Adverse reactions to the reference drug

According to the prescribing information of Rituxan, the most common adverse
reactions (incidence ⱖ 25%) observed in clinical trials of patients with non-Hodgkin’s
lymphoma (NHL) were infusion reactions, fever,
infection and
asthenia. In the majority of patients with NHL, infusion reactions consisting of fever,
chills/rigors, nausea, pruritus, angioedema, hypotension, headache, bronchospasm,
urticaria, rash, vomiting, myalgia, dizziness, or hypertension occurred during the first
Rituxan infusion.

lymphopenia, chills,

The incidence of infusion reactions was highest during the first infusion (77%) and
decreased with each subsequent infusion. Serious infections, including sepsis, occurred in
less than 5% of patients with NHL in the single-arm studies. The overall incidence of
infections was 31% (bacterial 19%, viral 10%, unknown 6%, and fungal 1%). In the
patients with DLBCL, viral infections occurred more frequently in those who received
Rituxan. In patients with NHL receiving Rituxan monotherapy, NCI-CTC Grade 3 and 4
cytopenias were reported in 48% of patients. These included lymphopenia (40%),
neutropenia (6%),
leukopenia (4%), anemia (3%), and thrombocytopenia (2%). The
median duration of lymphopenia was 14 days (range, 1−588 days) and of neutropenia was
13 days (range, 2−116 days). A single occurrence of transient aplastic anemia (pure red
cell aplasia) and two occurrences of hemolytic anemia following Rituxan therapy
occurred during the single-arm studies. In studies of monotherapy, Rituxan-induced
B-cell depletion occurred in 70% to 80% of patients with NHL. Decreased IgM and IgG
serum levels occurred in 14% of these patients.

– 257 –

