APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

For financial assets, the ECL is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to
the Group in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the
original effective interest rate.

Where lifetime ECL is measured on a collective basis to cater for cases where evidence of significant increases
in credit risk at the individual instrument level may not yet be available, the financial instruments are grouped on
the following basis:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

Nature of financial instruments (i.e. the Group’s trade and other receivables are each assessed as a
separate group);

Past-due status;

Nature, size and industry of debtors; and

External credit ratings where available.

The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to share

similar credit risk characteristics.

If the Group has measured the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to lifetime ECL
in the previous reporting period, but determines at the current reporting date that the conditions for lifetime ECL are
no longer met, the Group measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to twelve-months ECL at the current
reporting date.

The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments with a
corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account and does not reduce the carrying
amount of the financial asset in the statements of financial position.

Derecognition of financial assets

The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset
to another party.

On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying

amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

Financial liabilities and equity instruments

Classification as debt or equity

Debt and equity instruments issued by a group entity are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity
in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an
equity instrument.

Equity instruments

An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting
all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by a group entity are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct
issue costs.

Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity. No gain
or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity
instruments.

Financial liabilities

All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method or at

FVTPL.

– I-23 –

