BUSINESS

analytical studies for functional and structural characterization at various stages of the
manufacturing process, (2) pre-clinical animal studies, (3) a clinical pharmacology study (a
human pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic equivalence study), and (4) a confirmatory
comparative pivotal clinical study in a representative indication evaluating safety, efficacy and
immunogenicity. Consistent with this approach, we apply our integrated platform to the
following four key steps of biosimilar development that are designed to provide the analytical,
pre-clinical and clinical basis to establish biosimilarity and support regulatory approvals for
our biosimilar drug candidates:

Step 1: CMC and Analytical Characterization. The amino acid sequence of a biosimilar
drug candidate must precisely match that of its reference product. We validate the amino acid
sequence of all biosimilar drug candidates through enzymatic digestion and peptide mapping
using liquid chromatography-mass
spectroscopy (LC-MS/MS). We
establish master cell banks and working cell banks for our biosimilar drug candidates and
demonstrate their quality and stability in accordance with the ICH guidelines. We develop,
scale up and implement a process to manufacture our biosimilar drug candidates in our GMP
facility in order to ensure the manufactured products are suitable for use in clinical trials.

spectroscopy/mass

Once a biosimilar drug candidate has been manufactured, we use a variety of analytical
characterization techniques and in vitro studies comparing our biosimilar drug candidate with
its reference product to ensure that our biosimilar drug candidate closely matches the primary
structure, higher order
structure, product purity and impurities, charge and glycan
heterogeneity, biological activity, Fc functions and other general properties of the reference
product, as the results from such comparisons may be predictive of clinically relevant
differences in PK, PD, efficacy, safety and immunogenicity between our biosimilar drug
candidate and its reference product. These techniques and studies include but are not limited
to differential scanning calorimetry (DSC), cation-exchange chromatography (CEX-HPLC),
high performance liquid chromatography with fluorescence detection (UHPLC-FLD), size
exclusion chromatography (SEC-HPLC), capillary electrophoresis sodium dodecyl sulfate
(CE-SDS), cell-based potency, ELISA blinding potency, and Bio-layer Interferometry (BLI).

Step 2: Pre-clinical Studies. After we demonstrate the in vitro biosimilarity, we compare
our biosimilar drug candidate with the reference product in relevant animal models using the
intended dosage form and route of administration prior to performing human clinical trials,
since PK, PD and safety observations from these studies may be predictive of the human
clinical trial experience. In general, two studies are required in relevant animal models to
provide sufficient pre-clinical rationale to advance to the clinical pharmacology study.

Step 3: Clinical Pharmacology Study. An essential

is the
completion of a clinical study in a sufficient number of human subjects directly comparing our
biosimilar drug candidate and its
to establish PK/PD similarity.
Bioequivalence is generally measured by three defined parameters as follows:

regulatory requirement

reference product

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

Cmax: maximum measured serum concentration;

AUC0-t: area under the concentration-time curve from the first time point measured
(0) to the last time point measured (t); and

– 243 –

