BUSINESS

Our environmental, health and safety (EHS) department is responsible for monitoring and
enforcing the compliance of our operations with environment, health and safety laws and
regulations. This responsibility is executed and shared by separate teams in the EHS
department through training; formulation and implementation of strategies, policies, standards
and metrics; communication of environmental, health and safety policies and procedures
through of a team of coordinators; environmental, health and safety audits; and incident
response planning and implementation with a team of volunteer first responders. We also have
consultants from Eli Lilly on an as-needed basis to help us on building, maintenance and
improvement of our EHS system.

Certain specialized areas of the responsibility are assigned to teams comprised of
subject-matter experts with the relevant expertise and experience. For instance, our biosafety
subject matter experts are responsible for biosafety training, compliance of our operations with
biosafety-related legal requirements, biosafety risk assessment and review of corrective actions
and preventative actions (CAPA) that we will take upon the occurrence of any biosafety
emergency. We have also retained a subject matter expert from Eli Lilly as a consultant for
environment, health and safety matters.

Our manufacturing facilities produce no significant waste products other than water
exiting our bioreactors. We treat the waste water exiting our bioreactors at high temperatures
in our biological waste disposal facilities and then treat it together with other waste water in
our central waste water disposal facilities before discharging it into the city sewer system. The
water that we discharge is metered and the meters are connected to the local environmental
bureau to permit them to monitor the discharged water remotely.

We have not had any significant workplace accidents in the history of our Company.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND COMPLIANCE

As of the Latest Practicable Date, we were not a party to any actual or threatened material
legal or administrative proceedings. We are committed to maintaining the highest standards of
compliance with the laws and regulations applicable to our business. However, we may from
time to time be subject to various legal or administrative claims and proceedings arising in the
ordinary course of business.

PERMITS, LICENSES AND OTHER APPROVALS

As of the Latest Practicable Date, we had obtained all requisite licenses, approvals and

permits from relevant authorities that are material to our operations.

Innovent Biologics

(Suzhou) Co., Ltd.

a
pharmaceutical manufacturing license issued by the Jiangsu Provincial Food and Drug
Administration, effective through December 31, 2020. It also holds an emission permit for
certain specified pollutants issued by the Suzhou Industrial Zone Bureau of Land and
Environmental Protection, effective through March 15, 2020.

(信達生物製藥(蘇州)有限公司) holds

– 312 –

