APPENDIX IV

STATUTORY AND GENERAL INFORMATION

(ii)

the Subscription Price; and/or

(iii) the method of exercise of the option,

or any combination thereof, as the auditors or a financial adviser engaged by our Company for
such purpose shall, at the request of the Company, certify in writing, either generally or as
regards any particular grantee, to be in their opinion fair and reasonable, provided always that
any such adjustments should give each grantee the same proportion of the equity capital of our
Company as that to which that grantee was previously entitled prior to such adjustments, and
no adjustments shall be made which will enable a Share to be issued at less than its nominal
value. The capacity of the auditors or financial adviser (as the case may be) is that of experts
and not of arbitrators and their certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be final and
binding on our Company and the grantees. The costs of the auditors or financial adviser (as the
case may be) shall be borne by our Company.

(p) Retirement, death or permanent physical or mental disability of an selected participant

If a grantee ceases to be selected participant by reason of (i) death of the grantee, (ii)
termination of the grantee’s employment or contractual engagement with the Group or its
affiliate by reason of his/her permanent physical or mental disablement, (iii) retirement of the
grantee, the option may be exercised within the Option Period, or such other period as the
Board or its delegate(s) may decide in their sole discretion.

In the case of death of a grantee, the option may be exercised within that period by the
personal representatives of the grantee. In the case where a grantee no longer has any legal
capacity to exercise the option, the option may be exercised within that period by the persons
charged with the duty of representing the grantee under the relevant laws in Hong Kong. If the
option is not exercised within the time mentioned above, the option shall lapse.

If a grantee, being an employee whose employment is terminated by the Group or its
affiliate (as applicable) by reason of the employer terminating the contract of employment
without notice or payment in lieu of notice, or the grantee having been convicted of any
criminal offence involving his integrity or honesty, the option shall immediately lapse.

If a grantee is declared bankrupt or becomes insolvent or makes any arrangements or

composition with his creditors generally, the option shall immediately lapse.

If a grantee being an employee ceases to be selected participant due to termination of his
or her employment or contractual engagement with the Group by reason of redundancy, the
option may be exercised within three months of such cessation or within the Option Period,
whichever is the shorter, or such other period as the Board or its delegate(s) may decide in their
sole discretion.

If a grantee ceases to be selected participant other than in any of the circumstances
described above, unless otherwise provided in the option agreement, a grantee may exercise his
or her option within three months of such cessation or within the Option Period, whichever is
the shorter, or such other period as the Board or its delegate(s) may decide in their sole
discretion.

– IV-36 –

