RISK FACTORS

jurisdictions for us to stop the infringement, misappropriation or other violation of our patents
or other intellectual property rights, or the marketing of competing drugs in violation of our
proprietary rights. Proceedings to enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights in
foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from
other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted
narrowly, could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing, and could provoke third
parties to assert claims against us.

We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies
awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our
intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant
commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license.

Many countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be
compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability
of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the
patent owner may have limited remedies, which could materially diminish the value of such
patent. If we or any of our licensors is forced to grant a license to third parties with respect to
any patents relevant to our business, our competitive position may be impaired, and our
business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects may be adversely affected.

We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our intellectual property, which
could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. Our patent rights relating to our drug
candidates could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court or before the
United States Patent and Trademark Office or comparable non-U.S. authority.

Competitors may infringe our patent rights or infringe, misappropriate or otherwise
violate our other intellectual property rights. To counter infringement, misappropriation, or any
other unauthorized use, litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce or defend our
intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope
of our own intellectual property rights or the proprietary rights of others. This can be expensive
and time-consuming. Any claims that we assert against perceived infringers and other violators
could also provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe,
misappropriate, or otherwise violate their intellectual property rights. Many of our current and
potential competitors have the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce
and/or defend their intellectual property rights than we can. Accordingly, despite our efforts,
third parties from infringing upon, misappropriating, or
we may not be able to prevent
otherwise violating our intellectual property rights. An adverse result
in any litigation
proceeding could put our patent, as well as any patents that may issue in the future from our
pending patent applications, at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable or interpreted
narrowly. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection
with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information
could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation.

– 83 –

