BUSINESS

monotherapy outside China now belong to us. Eli Lilly has retained a limited right to develop
sintilimab in combination with one or more active pharmaceutical ingredients controlled by Eli
Lilly or its affiliates (“Eli Lilly PD-1 Combination Product”) until we enter into an agreement
with a third party for the development of sintilimab outside China. If we enter into an
agreement with a third party after Eli Lilly has already commenced patient dosing of an Eli
Lilly PD-1 Combination Product, Eli Lilly’s development rights for any such Eli Lilly PD-1
Combination Product will continue. If we develop sintilimab outside China in concert with a
third party, Eli Lilly will be entitled to a percentage of any remuneration we receive from such
third party based on the stage of development and commercialization we are in with respect to
such third-party collaboration. If we develop sintilimab as a monotherapy outside China on our
own, Eli Lilly will be entitled to regulatory and commercial milestone payments and
commercial royalties of a percentage of net sales.

As part of the Lilly Ex-China Agreement, we received a US$20,000,000 upfront payment
on June 29, 2015 and can earn royalties of a high-single digit percentage of net sales of
Bi-Specific PD-1 Products depending on annual sales volumes.

Under the Lilly Ex-China Agreement, we granted Eli Lilly an exclusive license to our
patents and know-how related to sintilimab to develop, manufacture, and commercialize the
sintilimab outside China. We also granted Eli Lilly a non-exclusive license to certain of our
patents and know-how to develop and manufacture, and an exclusive license to such patents
and know-how to commercialize, the Ex-China Bi-Specific PD-1 Products that Eli Lilly has
chosen to license from us under the Lilly Ex-China Agreement. In the event that Eli Lilly
commercializes an Ex-China Bi-Specific PD-1 Product based on a PD-1 antibody that it has not
selected under the Lilly Ex-China Agreement, the milestone payments that it owes to us will
be 50% of those listed above, and the royalty payments will be a low-to-mid-single digit
percentage of net sales depending on annual volumes.

Each party remains the sole and exclusive owner of its respective intellectual property
rights. We will own all inventions and intellectual property developed by us in connection with
our activities under the Lilly Ex-China Agreement, while Eli Lilly will own all inventions and
intellectual property developed by Eli Lilly in the course of the development, manufacture, or
commercialization of the Ex-China Bi-Specific PD-1 Product or otherwise in connection with
the Lilly Ex-China Agreement. The parties will jointly own inventions conceived or reduced
to practice by the parties jointly and all development and commercialization know-how
developed under the agreement. Eli Lilly controls the prosecution and enforcement of the
patents related to the Ex-China Bi-Specific PD-1 Products and must consider our advice and
suggestions in connection with any prosecution actions and must obtain our approval, which
is not to be unreasonably withheld, in connection with any enforcement action.

The term of the Lilly Ex-China Agreement continues on a country-by-country basis until
the later of (i) the expiration of the last-to-expire licensed patent in such country, (ii) the
expiration of the data exclusivity period that covers the Ex-China Bi-Specific PD-1 Products
in such country, and (iii) twelve years after the first commercial sale in such country of the
Ex-China Bi-Specific PD-1 Products. In addition to certain customary termination rights such

– 285 –

