REGULATIONS

rectification measures and plans for problem solution as to the safety production. The safety
evaluation report and the implementation of the rectification measure shall be filed with the
safety supervision regulatory authority.

Overseas Investment

Pursuant to the Administrative Measures for the Outbound Investment of Enterprises
(《企業境外投資管理辦法》), which was promulgated by the NDRC on December 26, 2017
and became effective on March 1, 2018, the State adopts approval administration and filing
administration for overseas
respectively according to different
circumstances. An overseas investment project that involves any sensitive country or region or
any sensitive industry is to be approved by the NDRC. Under the circumstances, with regard
to an overseas investment project that has the Chinese party’s investment amount of not less
than USD300 million, the NDRC is in charge of the record-filing.

investment projects

Pursuant to the Measures on the Administration of Overseas Investment (《境外投資管理
辦法》), promulgated by the Ministry of Commerce on September 6, 2014 and became
effective on October 6, 2014, overseas investments refer to possessing of non-financial
enterprises abroad or acquisition of the ownership of, control over, business management right
of, or other rights and interests of existing overseas non-financial enterprises by enterprises
established in the PRC through newly establishment or mergers and acquisitions or other
methods. Other than the overseas investments involving sensitive countries, regions or
sensitive industries which are subject to approval, all other overseas investments are subject to
filing administration.

Foreign Exchange

The principal regulations governing foreign currency exchange in China are the Foreign
Exchange Administration Regulations of the PRC (《中華人民共和國外匯管理條例》) which
was promulgated by the State Council on January 29, 1996, became effective on April 1, 1996
and was subsequently amended on January 14, 1997 and August 5, 2008 and the Regulations
on the Administration of Foreign Exchange Settlement, Sale and Payment (《結匯、售匯及付
匯管理規定》) which was promulgated by PBOC on June 20, 1996 and became effective on
July 1, 1996. Pursuant to these regulations and other PRC rules and regulations on currency
conversion, Renminbi is freely convertible for payments of current account items, such as trade
and service-related foreign exchange transactions and dividend payments, but not freely
convertible for capital account items, such as direct investment, loan or investment in securities
outside China unless prior approval of the SAFE or its local counterpart is obtained.

Foreign invested enterprises are permitted to convert their after tax dividends into foreign
exchange and to remit such foreign exchange out of their foreign exchange bank accounts in
the PRC. However, foreign exchange transactions involving overseas direct investment or
investment and exchange in securities, derivative products abroad are subject to registration
with SAFE and approval from or filing with the relevant PRC government authorities (if
necessary).

– 190 –

