INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

The information and statistics set out in this section and other sections of this
prospectus were extracted from different official government publications, available
sources from public market research and other sources from independent suppliers. In
addition, we engaged Frost & Sullivan for preparing the Frost & Sullivan Report, an
independent industry report in respect of the Global Offering. We believe that the sources
of the information in this section and other sections of this prospectus are appropriate
sources for such information, and we have taken reasonable care in extracting and
reproducing such information. We have no reason to believe that such information is false
or misleading or that any fact has been omitted that would render such information false
or misleading. The information from official and non-official sources has not been
independently verified by us,
the Joint Global Coordinators, Joint Sponsors, Joint
Bookrunners, Joint Lead Managers, any of the Underwriters, any of their respective
directors and advisers, or any other persons or parties involved in the Global Offering,
and no representation is given as to its accuracy. Accordingly, the information from
official and non-official sources contained herein may not be accurate and should not be
unduly relied upon. Our Directors confirm that, after making reasonable enquiries, there
is no adverse change in the market information since the date of the Frost & Sullivan
Report that would qualify, contradict or have a material impact on the information in this
section.

SOURCE OF INFORMATION

In connection with the Global Offering, we have engaged Frost & Sullivan to conduct a
detailed analysis and prepare an industry report on the worldwide biologics market. Frost &
Sullivan is an independent global market research and consulting company which was founded
in 1961 and is based in the United States. Services provided by Frost & Sullivan include market
assessments, competitive benchmarking, and strategic and market planning for a variety of
industries. We incurred a total of RMB750,000 in fees and expenses for the preparation of the
Frost & Sullivan Report. The payment of such amount was not contingent upon our successful
Listing or on the results of the Frost & Sullivan Report. Except for the Frost & Sullivan Report,
we did not commission any other industry report in connection with the Global Offering.

We have included certain information from the Frost & Sullivan Report in this prospectus
because we believe such information facilitates an understanding of the biologics market for
potential
investors. Frost & Sullivan prepared its report based on its in-house database,
independent
third-party reports and publicly available data from reputable industry
organizations. Where necessary, Frost & Sullivan contacts companies operating in the industry
to gather and synthesize information in relation to the market, prices and other relevant
information. Frost & Sullivan believes that the basic assumptions used in preparing the Frost
& Sullivan Report, including those used to make future projections, are factual, correct and not
misleading. Frost & Sullivan has independently analyzed the information, but the accuracy of
the conclusions of its review largely relies on the accuracy of the information collected. Frost
& Sullivan research may be affected by the accuracy of these assumptions and the choice of
these primary and secondary sources.

– 139 –

