RISK FACTORS

liabilities. We do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that
may be asserted against us in connection with our storage, use or disposal of biological or
hazardous materials.

In addition, we may be required to incur substantial costs to comply with current or future
environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and
regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts. Failure to comply with
these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions.

Our internal computer systems may fail or suffer security breaches.

Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems are
vulnerable to damage from computer viruses and unauthorized access. Although to our
knowledge we have not experienced any material system failure or security breach to date, if
such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a
material disruption of our development programs and our business operations.

In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including,
among other things,
legally protected patient health information, personally identifiable
information about our employees, intellectual property, and proprietary business information.
We manage and maintain our applications and data utilizing on-site systems and outsourced
vendors. These applications and data encompass a wide variety of business critical information
including research and development information, commercial information and business and
financial
information. Because information systems, networks and other technologies are
critical to many of our operating activities, shutdowns or service disruptions at our Company
or vendors that provide information systems, networks, or other services to us pose increasing
risks. Such disruptions may be caused by events, such as computer hacking, phishing attacks,
ransomware, dissemination of computer viruses, worms and other destructive or disruptive
software, denial of service attacks and other malicious activity, as well as power outages,
natural disasters (including extreme weather), terrorist attacks or other similar events. Such
events could have an adverse impact on us and our business, including loss of data and damage
to equipment and data. In addition, system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and
our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient to cover all eventualities. Significant
events could result in a disruption of our operations, damage to our reputation or a loss of
revenues. In addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for any
losses associated with such events.

We could be subject to risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or
intentional or accidental release or loss of information maintained in the information systems
and networks of our Company and our vendors,
information of our
employees and patients, and company and vendor confidential data. In addition, outside parties
may attempt to penetrate our systems or those of our vendors or fraudulently induce our
personnel or the personnel of our vendors to disclose sensitive information in order to gain
access to our data and/or systems. Like other companies, we have on occasion experienced, and
will continue to experience, threats to our data and systems, including malicious codes and

including personal

– 100 –

