BUSINESS

Sintilimab (IBI-308). We own two pending Chinese patent applications, two pending
U.S. patent applications, four pending PCT applications, and corresponding patent applications
in other jurisdictions directed to sintilimab, a fully human monoclonal antibody against PD-1,
and its use for the treatment of cancer. Any patents that may issue from the currently pending
Chinese patent application and U.S. patent application would be expected to expire in August
2036 or January 2037, not
term adjustments. We intend to pursue
marketing exclusivity periods that are available under
regulatory provisions in certain
countries.

including any patent

IBI-305. We own one pending Chinese patent application directed to IBI-305, our
biosimilar product candidate for bevacizumab, and its use for the treatment of cancer. Any
patent that may issue from the currently pending Chinese patent application would be expected
to expire in December 2034.

IBI-301. We co-own with Hubei University one issued Chinese patent directed to
IBI-301, our biosimilar product candidate for rituximab. The expected expiration for the issued
Chinese patent is in February 2034.

IBI-303. We own two issued Chinese patents directed to IBI-303, our biosimilar product
candidate for adalimumab. The expected expiration for the issued Chinese patents is in
November 2033 and December 2034.

IBI-302. We own two issued Chinese patents, two pending U.S. patent applications, two
pending PCT applications and corresponding patent applications in other jurisdictions directed
to IBI-302, our bi-specific antibody drug candidate for the treatment of wet AMD and solid
tumors. In addition, we co-own with AP Biosciences, Inc. one issued U.S. patent, one pending
U.S. patent application, one pending Chinese patent application, one pending PCT application
and corresponding patent applications in other jurisdictions directed to IBI-302. Any patents
that may issue from the currently pending Chinese patent applications and U.S. patent
applications would be expected to expire between November 2032 and December 2035, not
including any patent term adjustments. We intend to pursue marketing exclusivity periods that
are available under regulatory provisions in certain countries.

IBI-306. We own two pending Chinese patent applications and one pending PCT
application, directed to IBI-306, our fully human monoclonal antibody drug candidate for the
treatment of reduction of hyperlipidemia. The two patents that may be issued from the
currently pending Chinese patent applications would be expected to expire in December 2036
and May 2038, respectively, not including any patent term adjustments.

IBI-310. We own three pending Chinese patent applications, directed to IBI-310, our fully
human monoclonal antibody drug candidate for the treatment of a variety of cancers in
combination with anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibodies, including sintilimab. Any patent that may
issue from the currently pending Chinese patent applications would be expected to expire
between November 2035 and March 2037, not including any patent term adjustments.

– 308 –

