RISK FACTORS

Moreover, the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less
than we request. The Company is not aware of any legal or practical impediment for it to obtain
patent linkage, patent term extension and market exclusivity in the U.S., in each case to the
extent applicable, as of the Latest Practicable Date. In China, however, there is no currently
effective law or regulation providing patent term extension, patent linkage, or data exclusivity
(referred to as regulatory data protection). Therefore, a lower-cost generic drug can emerge
onto the market much more quickly. Chinese regulators have set forth a framework for
integrating patent linkage and data exclusivity into the Chinese regulatory regime, as well as
for establishing a pilot program for patent term extension. To be implemented, this framework
will require adoption of regulations. To date, no regulations have been issued. These factors
result in weaker protection for us against generic competition in China than could be available
to us in the United States. For instance, the patents we have in China are not yet eligible to be
extended for patent term lost during clinical trials and the regulatory review process. If we are
unable to obtain patent term extension or the term of any such extension is less than we request,
our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration,
and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially
harmed.

Chinese manufacturing facilities have historically experienced issues operating in line with
established current good manufacturing practice, or cGMP, principles and international best
practices, and passing FDA inspections, which may result in a longer and costlier current
good manufacturing practice inspection and approval process by the FDA for our Chinese
manufacturing processes.

To obtain FDA approval for our products in the United States, we will need to undergo
strict pre-approval inspections of our manufacturing facilities, which are located in China.
Historically, manufacturing facilities in China have had difficulty meeting the FDA’s standards.
When inspecting our Chinese manufacturing facilities in the future, the FDA might cite current
good manufacturing practice, or cGMP, deficiencies, both minor and significant. Remediating
deficiencies can be laborious and costly and consume significant periods of time. Moreover, if
the FDA notes deficiencies as a result of this inspection, it will generally reinspect the facility
to determine if the deficiency was remediated to its satisfaction. The FDA may note further
deficiencies as a result of its reinspection, either related to the previously identified deficiency
or otherwise. If we cannot satisfy the FDA as to our compliance with cGMP in a timely basis,
FDA marketing approval for our products could be seriously delayed, which in turn would
delay commercialization of our drug candidates in the United States. As of the Latest
Practicable Date, we have not experienced any delays in the process of obtaining cGMP
certification or received any queries from the FDA or the NMPA, and there has been no legal
or practical impediment for us to obtain such cGMP certification.

Adverse events caused by our drug candidates could interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials,
delay or prevent regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or
result in significant negative consequences following any regulatory approval.

Adverse events caused by our drug candidates could cause us or regulatory authorities to
interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay

– 66 –

