APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

In addition, pursuant to the Framework Agreement, CSVC transferred its relevant holding interest in Innovent
Suzhou to Oriza Xinda, a special purpose vehicle, owned by CSVC’s subsidiary, Hua Yuan, for a cash consideration
of USD27,872,000 (equivalent to RMB178,598,000). The settlement of consideration was financed by a bridge loan
provided by Innovent HK to Hua Yuan as such the proceeds was injected to Oriza Xinda as capital subscription. Hua
Yuan further transferred its entire interest in Oriza Xinda to Innovent HK at the transfer price equivalent to the bridge
loan. Innovent HK then offset the share transfer price against the bridge loan and concurrently Hua Yuan subscribed
for 2,272,727 Series B Preferred Shares for a consideration equivalent to the bridge loan. The transactions were
completed on 1 June 2018 and Oriza Xinda became a wholly owned subsidiary of Innovent HK. With the unsettled
consideration between CSVC and the Company, subscription receivables for Preferred Shares amounting to
RMB184,418,000, which includes an exchange difference of RMB5,820,000,
is recognised under deposits,
prepayment and other receivables, for the six months ended 30 June 2018.

As a result of the above said arrangement pursuant to the Framework Agreement, all Share Purchase Options
held by onshore PRC investors have been cancelled and derecognised as at 30 June 2018 and Innovent Suzhou,
Innovent Technology and Oriza Xinda have became wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Group.

Presentation and Classification

The Group and the Company have designated the Preferred Shares as whole as financial liabilities measured
at FVTPL. The change in fair value of the Preferred Shares is charged to profit or loss except for the portion
attributable to credit risk change that shall be charged to other comprehensive income, if any. The net gain or loss
recognised in profit or loss includes any interest paid on the financial liabilities and is included in the loss on fair
value changes of other financial liabilities under the other gains and losses line item. Management considered that
there is no credit risk of the financial liability that drives the change of the fair value of the financial liability.

The Group has recognised the gross obligations from Share Purchase Option written as financial liabilities
measured at FVTPL as the put option is over the ordinary shares of Innovent Suzhou and therefore does not meet the
definition of equity for the Company.

The Company has recognised the Share Purchase Option as financial liabilities measured at FVTPL.

– I-50 –

