FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Consent of the lenders under each of the two loan facilities is required before we incur
any additional indebtedness. Our Directors confirm that there was no delay or default in the
repayment of borrowings during the Track Record Period. In 2018, we breached certain
covenants under the syndicated loan facility we entered into in 2015 and had obtained waivers
from the lenders of that facility by the Latest Practicable Date.

Except as discussed above, we did not have any material mortgages, charges, debentures,
loan capital, debt securities, loans, bank overdrafts or other similar indebtedness, finance lease
or hire purchase commitments, liabilities under acceptances (other than normal trade bills),
acceptance credits, which are either guaranteed, unguaranteed, secured or unsecured, or
guarantees or other contingent liabilities as of the Latest Practicable Date.

WORKING CAPITAL CONFIRMATION

including cash and cash equivalents,

The Directors are of the opinion that, taking into account the financial resources available
internally generated funds, available
to the Group,
financing facilities and the estimated net proceeds from the Listing, the Group has sufficient
working capital to cover at least 125% of our costs, including research and development
expenses, business development and marketing expenses, and administrative and operating
costs (including any production costs) for at least the next 12 months from the expected date
of this prospectus.

CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

We regularly incur capital expenditures to purchase and maintain our property, plant and
equipment, in order to enhance our research and development capabilities and expand our
business operations. Historically, we funded our capital expenditures mainly through bank
borrowings and equity financing. The table below sets forth our capital expenditures for the
periods indicated:

For the six months

ended June 30,

For the years ended

December 31,

2018

2017
2017
(RMB in thousand)

(unaudited)

2016

Purchases of property, plant

and equipment

55,064

29,940

49,791

57,780

We expect

to incur capital expenditures of approximately RMB300 million and
RMB141.46 million in 2018 and 2019, respectively. These expected capital expenditures are
primarily for the construction of new facilities and maintenance of our existing facilities to
increase our manufacturing capabilities in anticipation of the commercialization of our drug
candidates, if approved, in the near future. Please refer to the sections headed “Business –
CMC and Manufacturing” and “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” for further details. We

– 342 –

