APPENDIX I

Taxation

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the Relevant Periods. Taxable profit differs from “loss
before tax” as reported in the consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income because of
income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible. The
Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the
end of the reporting period.

Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
the Historical Financial Information and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit.
Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are
generally recognised for all deductible temporary difference to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will
be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and
liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of assets and liabilities in
a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
subsidiaries, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that
the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible
temporary differences associated with such investments are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there
will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are
expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to
be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which
the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
enacted by the end of the reporting period.

The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from
the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount
of its assets and liabilities.

Current and deferred taxes are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised
in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also recognised
in other comprehensive income as directly in equity, respectively.

Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment including buildings held for use in the production or supply of goods or services,
or for administrative purposes other than construction in progress as described below are stated in the consolidated
statements of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated
impairment losses, if any.

Properties under construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at cost which
includes professional fees, less any recognised impairment loss. Such properties are classified to the appropriate
categories of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for intended use. Depreciation of these assets,
on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are in the location and condition necessary
for them to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management.

Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment less their
residual value over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives, residual
value and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in
estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits
are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of
an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying
amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

– I-17 –

