BUSINESS

In addition to developing our pipeline drug candidates in China, we have obtained FDA
approval for our IND applications for sintilimab (IBI-308) and IBI-188 and plan to initiate a
multi-center Phase 1b/2 clinical trial for sintilimab (IBI-308) and a Phase 1a clinical trial for
IBI-188 in the U.S.

For the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017 and the six months ended June 30, 2017
and 2018, our research and development expenses were RMB384.7 million, RMB611.9
million, RMB225.4 million and RMB420.0 million, respectively. As of the Latest Practicable
Date, with respect to our four core product candidates, we owned three issued Chinese patents
and three pending Chinese patent applications, two pending U.S. patent applications, and four
pending PCT applications, among others.

OUR STRENGTHS

Fully-integrated biological therapeutics platform

In the seven years since our inception in 2011, we have built up a pipeline of 17
including four core product candidates that are in
monoclonal antibody drug candidates,
late-stage clinical development
in China. We have succeeded in developing our pipeline
quickly and efficiently because we have built a fully-integrated, end-to-end biological
therapeutics platform that encompasses all the key biologic drug development functionalities,
including discovery, process development, analytical sciences, quality control and assurance,
clinical development, manufacturing, and commercialization. This enables us to identify and
address potential clinical, manufacturing and commercial issues early in the development
process so we can direct our efforts towards molecules with the best potential to become
clinically active, cost-effective and commercially viable drugs. Our platform also allows us to
carry out process validation and product manufacturing, maintain consistent quality control,
and redeploy resources quickly to prioritize our most promising projects. Our platform also
gives us the flexibility to pursue in-license strategies to maximize the value of our facilities and
products. We continue to increasingly benefit from the scalability and cost efficiency of our
platform as we expand our manufacturing capacity and build up our sales and marketing team
in anticipation of our first wave of drug candidates gaining NMPA approval and entering the
commercial phase.

Potentially best-in-class innovative PD-1 monoclonal antibody with NDA accepted and
priority review status granted by the NMPA

Sintilimab is an innovative fully human PD-1 monoclonal antibody and one of the first
PD-1 monoclonal antibodies to have a new drug application (NDA) accepted in China with
priority review status. The indication for this NDA is r/r Hodgkin’s lymphoma. PD-1/PD-L1
antibodies and other immuno-oncology drugs have revolutionized treatment of many cancers
and demonstrated significant clinical benefits over chemotherapy and other therapies in many
types of cancers. According to Frost & Sullivan, PD-1/PD-L1 antibodies had sales of US$10.1
billion worldwide in 2017; however, in China, there is no approved PD-L1 antibody and there
are only two approved PD-1 antibodies, i.e., Bristol-Myers Squibb’s PD-1 antibody Opdivo

– 218 –

