REGULATIONS

On July 4, 2014, SAFE promulgated the Circular Concerning Relevant Issues on the Foreign
Exchange Administration of Offshore Investing and Financing and Round-Trip Investing by
Domestic Residents through Special Purpose Vehicles (《關於境內居民通過特殊目的公司境外
投融資及返程投資外匯管理有關問題的通知》) (the “Circular No. 37”), for the purpose of
simplifying the approval process, and for the promotion of the cross-border investment. The
Circular No. 37 supersedes the Circular No. 75 and revises and regulates the relevant matters
involving foreign exchange registration for round-trip investment. Under the Circular No. 37,
in the event the change of basic information of the registered offshore special purpose vehicle
such as the individual shareholder, name, operation term, etc., or if there is a capital increase,
decrease, equity transfer or swap, merge, spin-off or other amendment of the material items,
the domestic resident shall complete the change of foreign exchange registration formality for
offshore investment. In addition, according the procedural guideline as attached to the Circular
No. 37, the principle of review has been changed to “the domestic individual resident is only
register the SPV directly established or controlled (first level)”. At the same time, the SAFE
has issued the Operation Guidance for the Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Administration
over Round-trip Investment (《返程投資外匯管理所涉業務操作指引》) with respect to the
procedures for SAFE registration under the Circular No. 37, which became effective on July
4, 2014 as an attachment to Circular No. 37.

Under the relevant rules, failure to comply with the registration procedures set forth in the
Circular No. 37 may result in restrictions being imposed on the foreign exchange activities of
the relevant onshore company, including the payment of dividends and other distributions to
its offshore parent or affiliate, and may also subject relevant PRC residents to penalties under
PRC foreign exchange administration regulations. PRC residents who hold any shares in the
company from time to time are required to register with the SAFE in connection with their
investments in the company.

– 192 –

