APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial instrument has not increased
significantly since initial recognition if the financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the reporting
date. A financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk if i) the financial instrument has a low risk of
default, ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and iii)
adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the
ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations. The Group considers a financial asset to have
low credit risk when it has an internal or external credit rating of ‘investment grade’ as per globally understood
definition.

The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a
significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying
significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

Definition of default

The Group considers the following as constituting an event of default for internal credit risk management
purposes as historical experience indicates that receivables that meet either of the following criteria are generally not
recoverable.

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

when there is a breach of financial covenants by the counterparty; or

information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely
to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the
Group).

Irrespective of the above analysis, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more
than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more
lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

Credit-impaired financial assets

Financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes
observable data about the following events:

(a)

significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

(b)

a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

(c)

the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial
difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that
the lender(s) would not otherwise
consider; or

(d)

it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation.

Write-off policy

The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe
financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the counterparty has been placed under
liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade receivables, when the amounts are over
two years past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities
under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are
recognised in profit or loss.

Measurement and recognition of ECL

The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of
the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given
default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information as described above. As for the exposure
at default, for financial assets, this is represented by the assets’ gross carrying amount at the reporting date.

– I-22 –

