SUMMARY

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

IBI-306 is a fully human monoclonal antibody drug candidate that we are
developing for the treatment of hyperlipidemia which is characterized by high levels
of lipids in the blood. It binds to a protein known as PCSK9 and is similar to
evolocumab (sold under the trade name Repatha by Amgen) and alirocumab (sold
under the trade name Praluent by Sanofi). These anti-PCSK9 antibody drugs have
been a significant advance in the treatment of high blood cholesterol and had
aggregate worldwide sales of US$490 million in 2017. Currently Repatha
(evolocumab) is the only one marketed PCSK inhibitor in China, which received the
approval by the NMPA for the treatment of hypercholesterolemia in August 2018.
We are conducting a Phase 1 clinical trial of IBI-306 in China.

IBI-310 is a fully human monoclonal antibody drug candidate that we are
developing for the treatment of a variety of cancers. It binds to an immune
checkpoint known as cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated protein 4 (CTLA-4) which
down-regulates T-cell immune response to cancer cells. In addition to its potential
as a monotherapy, it also can potentially be used in combination therapy with an
anti-PD-1 antibody in the treatment of certain cancers. Ipilimumab,
the only
approved CTLA-4 antibody drug, had worldwide sales of US$1.2 billion in 2017.
There are currently no CTLA-4 inhibitors approved in China. We are conducting a
Phase 1 clinical trial of IBI-310 in China.

IBI-302 is a fully human bi-specific antibody-like drug candidate that we are
developing for the treatment of ocular diseases including a type of age-related
macular degeneration (AMD) called wet AMD. The current biological treatments in
China for wet AMD include ranibizumab, aflibercept and conbercept. Conbercept
achieved sales of RMB617 million in China in 2017. We believe that IBI-302 has the
potential to be a best-in-class wet AMD therapeutic by simultaneously targeting two
aspects of the disease, angiogenesis (which is the growth of blood vessels) and
inflammation, while the current standard of care pharmaceuticals for wet AMD only
target angiogenesis. Our IND application for IBI-302 was approved by the NMPA
in December 2016. We plan to conduct a multi-center Phase 1 clinical trial of
IBI-302 in China. We expect to start and complete this trial in 2019.

We also have innovative drug candidates currently in pre-clinical stage, including two
mono-specific antibody drug candidates against novel targets, and five bi-specific antibody
drug candidates, including an anti-CD47/PD-L1 bi-specific antibody. We expect to advance
four of these pre-clinical candidates into clinical stage in the next 12 months. See the section
headed “Business – Our Drug Candidates” for details.

– 6 –

