STRUCTURE OF THE GLOBAL OFFERING

Investors should be aware that applications in pool A and applications in pool B may
receive different allocation ratios. If any Hong Kong Offer Shares in one (but not both) of the
pools are unsubscribed, such unsubscribed Hong Kong Offer Shares will be transferred to the
other pool to satisfy demand in that other pool and be allocated accordingly. For the purpose
of the immediately preceding paragraph only, the “price” for Hong Kong Offer Shares means
the price payable on application therefor (without regard to the Offer Price as finally
determined). Applicants can only receive an allocation of Hong Kong Offer Shares from either
pool A or pool B and not from both pools. Multiple or suspected multiple applications under
the Hong Kong Public Offering and any application for more than 11,817,500 Hong Kong Offer
Shares is liable to be rejected.

Reallocation

The allocation of the Offer Shares between the Hong Kong Public Offering and the
International Offering is subject to reallocation. Paragraph 4.2 of Practice Note 18 of the
Listing Rules requires a clawback mechanism to be put in place which would have the effect
of increasing the number of Offer Shares under the Hong Kong Public Offering to a certain
percentage of the total number of Offer Shares offered under the Global Offering if certain
prescribed total demand levels are reached.

If the number of Offer Shares validly applied for under the Hong Kong Public Offering
represents (a) 15 times or more but less than 50 times, (b) 50 times or more but less than 100
times and (c) 100 times or more of the total number of Offer Shares initially available under
the Hong Kong Public Offering, then Offer Shares will be reallocated to the Hong Kong Public
Offering from the International Offering. As a result of such reallocation, the total number of
Offer Shares available under the Hong Kong Public Offering will be increased to 70,905,000
Offer Shares (in the case of (a)), 94,540,000 Offer Shares (in the case of (b)) and 118,175,000
Offer Shares (in the case of (c)), representing 30%, 40% and 50% of the total number of Offer
Shares initially available under the Global Offering, respectively (before any exercise of the
Over-allotment Option), reallocation being referred to in this prospectus as “Mandatory
Reallocation”. In each case, the additional Offer Shares reallocated to the Hong Kong Public
Offering will be allocated between pool A and pool B and the number of Offer Shares allocated
to the International Offering will be correspondingly reduced in such manner as the Joint
Global Coordinators deem appropriate.

If

fully subscribed for,

the Hong Kong Public Offering is not

the Joint Global
Coordinators have the authority to reallocate all or any unsubscribed Hong Kong Offer Shares
to the International Offering, in such proportions as the Joint Global Coordinators deem
appropriate. In addition, the Joint Global Coordinators may in their sole discretion reallocate
Offer Shares from the International Offering to the Hong Kong Public Offering to satisfy valid
applications under the Hong Kong Public Offering. In particular,
if (i) the International
Offering is not fully subscribed and the Hong Kong Public Offering is fully subscribed or
oversubscribed; or (ii) the International Offering is fully subscribed or oversubscribed and the
Hong Kong Public Offering is fully subscribed or oversubscribed with the number of Offer
Shares validly applied for in the Hong Kong Public Offering representing less than 15 times

– 399 –

