RISK FACTORS

RISKS RELATING TO THE GLOBAL OFFERING

No public market currently exists for our Shares; an active trading market for our Shares
may not develop and the market price for our Shares may decline or became volatile.

No public market currently exists for our Shares. The initial Offer Price for our Shares
to the public will be the result of negotiations between our Company and Joint Global
Coordinators (on behalf of the Underwriters), and the Offer Price may differ significantly from
the market price of the Shares following the Global Offering. We have applied to the Stock
Exchange for the listing of, and permission to deal in, the Shares. A listing on the Stock
Exchange, however, does not guarantee that an active and liquid trading market for our Shares
will develop, or if it does develop, that it will be sustained following the Global Offering, or
that the market price of the Shares will not decline following the Global Offering.

There will be a gap of several days between pricing and trading of our Shares, and the price
of our Shares when trading begins could be lower than the offer price.

The initial price to the public of our Shares sold in the Global Offering is expected to be
determined on the Price Determination Date. However, the Shares will not commence trading
on the Stock Exchange until they are delivered, which is expected to be six Business Days after
the Price Determination Date. As a result, investors may not be able to sell or otherwise deal
in the Shares during that period. Accordingly, holders of our Shares are subject to the risk that
the price of the Shares when trading begins could be lower than the Offer Price as a result of
adverse market conditions or other adverse developments that may occur between the time of
sale and the time trading begins.

Future sales or perceived sales of our Shares in the public market by major Shareholders
following the Global Offering could materially and adversely affect the price of our Shares.

Prior to the Global Offering, there has not been a public market for our Shares. Future
sales or perceived sales by our existing Shareholders of our Shares after the Global Offering
could result in a significant decrease in the prevailing market price of our Shares. Only a
limited number of the Shares currently outstanding will be available for sale or issuance
immediately after the Global Offering due to contractual and regulatory restrictions on disposal
and new issuance. Nevertheless, after these restrictions lapse or if they are waived, future sales
of significant amounts of our Shares in the public market or the perception that these sales may
occur could significantly decrease the prevailing market price of our Shares and our ability to
raise equity capital in the future.

You will incur immediate and significant dilution and may experience further dilution if we
issue additional Shares or other equity securities in the future, including pursuant to the
Equity Plans.

The Offer Price of the Offer Shares is higher than the net tangible asset value per Share
immediately prior to the Global Offering. Therefore, purchasers of the Offer Shares in the
Global Offering will experience an immediate dilution in pro forma net tangible asset value.

– 114 –

