FINANCIAL INFORMATION

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS

We did not have during the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any
off-balance sheet arrangements such as relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial
partnerships, which are often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities,
established for the purpose of facilitating financing transactions that are not required to be
reflected on our balance sheets.

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK

Interest and Credit Risk

Our financial instruments include deposits and other receivables, other financial assets,
bank balances and cash,
trade payables, other payables, borrowings and other financial
liabilities. Our management manages and monitors exposures to ensure appropriate measures
are implemented on a timely and effective manner. For details, including relevant sensitivity
analysis, see note 37b to the Accountants’ Report set out in Appendix I.

Interest rate risk

We are exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to our variable-rate bank
borrowings and bank balances. Our management has considered our exposure to cash flow
interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances to be limited because the current
market interest rates on general deposits are relatively low and stable. For further details, see
note 37b to the Accountants’ Report set out in Appendix I.

Credit risk

Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations

resulting in financial loss to us.

In order to minimize credit risk, our finance team regularly review and evaluate our credit
risk exposure. Our management uses publicly available financial information and our own
historical repayment records to evaluate our other debtors. Our exposure and the credit ratings
of our counterparties are continuously monitored and the aggregate value of transactions
concluded is spread amongst approved counterparties.

The credit risk on our liquid funds is limited because the counterparties are banks with
high credit ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies. For further details, see note
37b to the Accountants’ Report set out in Appendix I.

– 344 –

