STRUCTURE OF THE GLOBAL OFFERING

THE GLOBAL OFFERING

This prospectus is published in connection with the Hong Kong Public Offering as part
of the Global Offering. Morgan Stanley Asia Limited, Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., J.P.
Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited, China Merchants Securities (HK) Co., Limited and
Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited are the Joint Global Coordinators of the
Global Offering.

The listing of the Shares on the Stock Exchange is sponsored by the Joint Sponsors. The
Joint Sponsors have made an application on behalf of the Company to the Listing Committee
of the Stock Exchange for the listing of, and permission to deal in, the Shares in issue and to
be issued as mentioned in this prospectus.

236,350,000 Offer Shares will initially be made available under the Global Offering

comprising:

(a)

(b)

to
the Hong Kong Public Offering of
reallocation) in Hong Kong as described in the sub-section “The Hong Kong Public
Offering” in this section below; and

initially 23,635,000 Shares

(subject

the International Offering of initially 212,715,000 Shares (subject to reallocation
and the Over-allotment Option) (i) in the United States solely to QIBs in reliance on
Rule 144A or another exemption from, or in a transaction not subject
the
registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and (ii) outside the United States
(including to professional and institutional investors within Hong Kong) in offshore
transactions in reliance on Regulation S, as described in the sub-section headed “The
International Offering” this section below.

to,

Investors may either:

(i)

apply for Hong Kong Offer Shares under the Hong Kong Public Offering; or

(ii)

apply for or indicate an interest for International Offering Shares under the
International Offering,

but may not do both.

The Offer Shares will represent approximately 21.1% of the total Shares in issue
immediately following the completion of the Global Offering, assuming the Over-allotment
Option is not exercised and no shares are issued pursuant
to the Equity Plans. If the
Over-allotment Option is exercised in full, the Offer Shares (including Shares issued pursuant
to the full exercise of the Over-allotment Option) will represent approximately 23.6% of the
total Shares in issue immediately following the completion of the Global Offering and the issue
of Offer Shares pursuant to the Over-Allotment Option.

References in this prospectus to applications, Application Forms, application monies or

the procedure for applications relate solely to the Hong Kong Public Offering.

– 397 –

