FINANCIAL INFORMATION

You should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with our
audited consolidated financial information as of and for the years ended December 31,
2016 and 2017 and the six months ended June 30, 2018 included in the Accountants’
Report
together with the respective
accompanying notes. Our audited consolidated financial information has been prepared
in accordance with IFRS.

to this prospectus,

in Appendix I

set out

The following discussion and analysis contain forward-looking statements that
reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance that
involve risks and uncertainties. These statements are based on assumptions and analysis
made by us in light of our experience and perception of historical events, current
conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors we believe are
appropriate under the circumstances. In evaluating our business, you should carefully
consider the information provided in the section headed “Risk Factors” in this
prospectus.

OVERVIEW

We are a biopharmaceutical company with a fully-integrated platform which boasts
advanced research, discovery, development, manufacturing and commercialization capabilities.
These capabilities have enabled us to build a robust pipeline of innovative and commercially
promising monoclonal antibodies and other biologics in the fields of oncology, ophthalmology
and autoimmune and metabolic diseases. Leveraging our platform, we have built up a pipeline
of 17 antibody drug candidates in the last seven years, led by our four core products that are
in late-stage clinical development in China, including sintilimab (IBI-308), our novel PD-1
antibody;
rituximab
(MabThera/Rituxan) biosimilar; and IBI-303, our adalimumab (Humira) biosimilar. For more
information on our drug candidates, see the section headed “Business.”

bevacizumab

biosimilar;

(Avastin)

IBI-305,

IBI-301,

our

our

We currently have no products approved for commercial sale and have not generated any
revenue from product sales. We have never been profitable and have incurred operating losses
in each year since inception. Our loss and total comprehensive expenses were RMB544.5
million, RMB716.1 million, RMB269.3 million and RMB57.6 million for the years ended
December 31, 2016 and 2017 and the six months ended June 30, 2017 and 2018, respectively.
Substantially all of our operating losses resulted from research and development expenses,
administrative expenses, business development expenses and finance costs.

of,

and

seek

regulatory

We expect to incur significant expenses and operating losses for at least the next several
years as we further our pre-clinical research and development efforts, continue the clinical
development
launch
commercialization of our pipeline products, and add personnel necessary to operate the
fully-integrated platform with an advanced clinical candidate pipeline of products. Subsequent
to the Listing we expect to incur costs associated with operating as a public company. We
expect that our financial performance will fluctuate semi-annually and yearly due to the status
of the development of our drug candidates, our efforts to obtain regulatory approval and
commercialize our drug candidates.

candidates,

approval

drug

for,

our

– 316 –

