BUSINESS

obtain regulatory approval for, manufacture and otherwise commercialize the ACVP1 Product
in China. The ACVP1 Product we are currently developing is IBI-302. Upon obtaining
regulatory approval and successfully launching the ACVP1 Product in China, we must use
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain regulatory approval
in the countries that grant
regulatory approval to market the ACVP1 Product solely based on its regulatory approval in
China or find a sublicensee to develop or commercialize the ACVP1 Product in those other
countries. We have not breached the covenant to use commercial reasonable efforts with
respect to IBI-302 and there has not been any material impediment to the development of
IBI-302.

In exchange for these rights, we paid an upfront payment of US$250,000 to Protevo. We
also paid Protevo milestone payments of US$250,000 for confirmation of ACVP1 activity in
vitro and in vivo, and US$500,000 for an IND filing of an ACVP1 Product in China and may
owe the following milestone payments totaling up to US$3,500,000 for an ACVP1 Product in
China going forward. These milestone payments are US$500,000 for initiation of a Phase II
clinical trial in China, US$1,000,000 for initiation of a Phase III clinical trial in China, and
US$2,000,000 for commercial launch of an ACVP1 Product. We also agreed to pay Protevo a
royalty of low-single digit percentage of net sales made in China or any of the aforementioned
other countries. With respect to sales in the rest of the world, we agreed to pay Protevo 30%
of any sublicensing revenue we receive, offsetting such sublicensing for ex-China development
costs. In addition, we also agreed to pay Protevo 30% of sublicense royalties we receive,
subject to a requirement that the patent application either issues with a valid claim covering the
product or has such a claim pending within seven years of the patent’s 2011 priority date.

OUR PLATFORM

We have created a fully-integrated platform for the discovery, development, manufacture
and commercialization of antibody drug candidates in the fields of oncology, ophthalmology,
and autoimmune and metabolic diseases. The full integration of our platform enables smooth
collaboration between different functional groups at key points in the lifecycle of a drug
candidate with the aim of increasing the speed of development and likelihood of success while
at the same time reducing the cost of development. In addition, our platform has been stress
tested through the development of sintilimab and the biosimilar drugs in our pipeline by
requiring each functional group to perfect their process, approach and collaboration skills.

Within the short period of time since our inception, we have successfully built up all the
necessary capabilities of a fully-integrated biologics platform company. These capabilities are
housed in four main functional platforms: drug discovery and pre-clinical development, CMC
and manufacturing, clinical development, and commercialization. These individual functional
platforms have been optimized and great attention has been given to building cross-function
integration at key points in the lifecycle of a drug candidate. According to Frost & Sullivan,
the research and development expenses likely to be incurred for a potential innovative biologic
candidate in China in general range from RMB100 million to RMB150 million during the
discovery and pre-clinical development stage, and from RMB250 million to RMB350 million
during the clinical development stage. In addition, an efficient operating system for these
individual functional platforms has been built, laying a solid foundation for bringing our strong
pipeline of innovative drugs from inception through manufacturing and commercialization.

– 290 –

