RISK FACTORS

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

regulators, IRBs or ethics committees may require that we or our investigators
suspend or terminate clinical research or not rely on the results of clinical research
for various reasons, including non-compliance with regulatory requirements;

the cost of clinical trials of our drug candidates may be greater than we anticipate;
and

the supply or quality of our drug candidates, companion diagnostics or other
materials necessary to conduct clinical
trials of our drug candidates may be
insufficient or inadequate.

If we are required to conduct additional clinical

trials or other testing of our drug
if we are unable to successfully
candidates beyond those that we currently contemplate,
complete clinical trials of our drug candidates or other testing, if the results of these trials or
tests are not positive or are only modestly positive or if they raise safety concerns, we may (i)
be delayed in obtaining regulatory approval for our drug candidates; (ii) not obtain regulatory
approval at all; (iii) obtain approval for indications that are not as broad as intended; (iv) have
the drug removed from the market after obtaining regulatory approval; (v) be subject to
additional post-marketing testing requirements; (vi) be subject to restrictions on how the drug
is distributed or used; or (vii) be unable to obtain reimbursement for use of the drug.

Significant clinical

trial delays may also increase our development costs and could
shorten any periods during which we have the exclusive right to commercialize our drug
candidates or allow our competitors to bring drugs to market before we do. This could impair
our ability to commercialize our drug candidates and may harm our business and results of
operations.

Immuno-oncology therapies including PD-1/PD-L1 antibodies may cause undesirable side
effects.

Immuno-oncology therapies stimulate a cancer patient’s own immune system to generate
or augment anti-tumor immune responses in order to kill cancer cells. Immuno-oncology
therapies include checkpoint inhibitors such as PD-1/PD-L1 antibodies, cytokines, adoptive
T-cell therapy and cancer vaccines. Immuno-oncology therapies are increasingly used in cancer
treatment and they have shown superior efficacy and safety compared with chemotherapy with
certain cancer populations. For instance, some clinical studies have shown that Grade 3 or
higher adverse events were less likely with PD-1 and PD-L1 therapies than chemotherapy.
However, immuno-oncology therapies such as PD-1/PD-L1 antibodies are still considered as
emerging and relatively novel therapeutics for cancer diseases. Their mechanisms of action are
yet to be thoroughly understood, and adverse events or side effects have been observed in
clinical studies and reported by medical practitioners in connection with their usage in cancer
patients.

For instance, it has been well established that the binding of a PD-1 antibody such as
sintilimab to PD-1, a membrane protein, blocks the interaction of PD-1 with its cognate
ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, and reverses the immunosuppression induced by the interaction of

– 61 –

