REGULATIONS

In October 2016,

the State Council and the Communist Party of China jointly
promulgated the Plan for Healthy China 2030 (《“健康中國2030”規劃綱要》), or Healthy
China 2030, which aim to strengthen technical innovation by forming a Government-Industry-
University-Research cooperation efficient system.

In October 2017, the General Office of the State Council promulgated the Opinions on
Deepening the Reform of the Evaluation and Approval Systems and Encouraging Innovation
of Drugs and Medical Devices (《關於深化審評審批制度改革鼓勵藥品醫療器械創新的意
見》), or the Deepening Reform Opinions, which seek to streamline the clinical trial process
and shorten the time line. The Deepening Reform Opinions provided for special fast-track
approval for new drugs and devices in urgent clinical need, and drugs and devices for rare
diseases.

In December 2017, the China Food and Drug Administration promulgated the Opinions
on Implementing Priority Review and Approval to Encourage Drug Innovation (《關於鼓勵藥
品創新實行優先審評審批的意見》), which further clarified that a fast
trial
approval or drug registration pathway will be available to innovative drugs.

track clinical

In May 2018, the NMPA and PRC National Health Commission jointly promulgated the
Circular on Issues Concerning Optimizing Drug Registration Review and Approval (《關於優
化藥品註冊審評審批有關事宜的公告》), which further simplified and accelerated the clinical
trial approval process.

Drug Regulations

Drug Administration

the rules and principals of

In order to strengthen drug control and administration and ensure the quality of drugs, the
Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress, or the SCNPC, promulgated the Drug
Administration Law (《藥品管理法》) in 1984, which was latest amended in April 2015. The
Implementation Rules for the Drug Administration Law (《藥品管理法實施條例》) was
released accordingly by the State Council in 2002, amended on February 6, 2016, which laid
out
the Drug Administration Law and provides detailed
implementation rules of drugs administration. The Drug Administration Law and the
Implementation Rules for the Drug Administration Law have laid out the legal framework for
the establishment of pharmaceutical manufacturing enterprises and pharmaceutical trading
enterprises and for the administration of pharmaceutical products, including the development
and manufacturing of new drugs and medicinal preparations by medical institutions. They also
regulate and prescribe a framework for the administration of pharmaceutical manufacturers,
pharmaceutical trading companies, and medicinal preparations of medical institutions and the
development, research, manufacturing, distribution, packaging, pricing and advertisements of
pharmaceutical products. According to the Drug Administration Law and the Implementation
Rules for the Drug Administration Law, no pharmaceutical products can be produced in the
PRC without a Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Permit. A local pharmaceutical manufacturer
must obtain a Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Permit from one of NMPA’s provincial level

– 170 –

