RISK FACTORS

available preferential tax treatment under applicable tax treaties or similar arrangements. Late
payment of applicable tax will subject the transferor to default interest. Gains derived from the
sale of shares by investors through a public stock exchange are not subject to the PRC EIT
pursuant to Bulletin 7 where such shares were acquired in a transaction through a public stock
exchange. As such, the sale of the Shares on a public stock exchange will not be subject to PRC
EIT pursuant to Bulletin 7. However, the sale of our Shares by a non-PRC resident enterprise
outside a public stock exchange may be subject to PRC EIT under Bulletin 7.

There are uncertainties as to the application of Bulletin 7. Bulletin 7 may be determined
by the tax authorities to be applicable to sale of the shares of our offshore subsidiaries or
investments where PRC taxable assets are involved. The transferors and transferees may be
subject to the tax filing and withholding or tax payment obligation, while our PRC subsidiaries
may be requested to assist in the filing. Furthermore, we, our non-resident enterprises and PRC
subsidiaries may be required to spend valuable resources to comply with Bulletin 7 or to
establish that we and our non-resident enterprises should not be taxed under Bulletin 7, for our
previous and future restructuring or disposal of shares of our offshore subsidiaries, which may
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

The PRC tax authorities have the discretion under Bulletin 7 to make adjustments to the
taxable capital gains based on the difference between the fair value of the taxable assets
transferred and the cost of investment. If the PRC tax authorities make adjustments to the
taxable income of the transactions under the Announcement of the State Administration of
Taxation – Announcement on Issues Concerning the Withholding of Enterprise Income Tax at
Source on Non-Resident Enterprises, or Bulletin 37, or under Bulletin 7, our income tax costs
associated with such potential acquisitions or disposals will increase, which may have an
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize our revenue effectively.

The PRC government

imposes controls on the convertibility of RMB into foreign
currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of China. A portion of our
revenue is denominated in RMB. Shortages in availability of foreign currency may then restrict
the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to remit sufficient foreign currency to our offshore entities
for our offshore entities to pay dividends or make other payments or otherwise to satisfy our
foreign currency denominated obligations. The RMB is currently convertible under the
“current account,” which includes dividends,
trade and service-related foreign exchange
transactions, but not under the “capital account,” which includes foreign direct investment and
loans, including loans we may secure from our onshore subsidiaries. Currently, our PRC
subsidiaries may purchase foreign currency for settlement of “current account transactions,”
including payment of dividends to us, without the approval of SAFE by complying with certain
procedural requirements. However, the relevant PRC governmental authorities may limit or
eliminate our ability to purchase foreign currencies in the future for current account
transactions. Since a portion of our revenue is denominated in RMB, any existing and future
restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize revenue generated in RMB to
fund our business activities outside of the PRC or pay dividends in foreign currencies to

– 112 –

