RISK FACTORS

In order to expand our business, we may consider offering and issuing additional Shares in the
future. Purchasers of the Offer Shares may experience dilution in the net tangible asset value
per share of their Shares if we issue additional Shares in the future at a price which is lower
than the net tangible asset value per Share at that time. Furthermore, we may issue Shares
pursuant
to the Equity Plans, which would further dilute Shareholders’ interests in our
Company.

Because we do not expect
to pay dividends in the foreseeable future after the Global
Offering, you must rely on price appreciation of our Shares for a return on your investment.

We currently intend to retain most, if not all, of our available funds and any future
earnings after the Global Offering to fund the development and commercialization of our
pipeline drug candidates. As a result, we do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the
foreseeable future. Therefore, you should not rely on an investment in our Shares as a source
for any future dividend income.

Our Board has complete discretion as to whether to distribute dividends. Even if our
Board decides to declare and pay dividends, the timing, amount and form of future dividends,
if any, will depend on our future results of operations and cash flow, our capital requirements
and surplus, the amount of distributions (if any) received by us from our subsidiaries, our
financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our Board.
Accordingly, the return on your investment in our Shares will likely depend entirely upon any
future price appreciation of our Shares. There is no guarantee that our Shares will appreciate
in value after the Global Offering or even maintain the price at which you purchased the
Shares. You may not realize a return on your investment in our Shares and you may even lose
your entire investment in our Shares.

We have significant discretion as to how we will use the net proceeds of the Global Offering,
and you may not necessarily agree with how we use them.

Our management may spend the net proceeds from the Global Offering in ways you may
not agree with or that do not yield a favourable return to our shareholders. We plan to use the
net proceeds from the Global Offering to conduct clinical trials in China and the United States
on our most promising drug candidates and to expand our sales and marketing staff in
preparation for the approval and commercialization of those drug candidates. For details, see
“Future Plans and Use of Proceeds – Use of Proceeds.” However, our management will have
discretion as to the actual application of our net proceeds. You are entrusting your funds to our
management, whose judgment you must depend on, for the specific uses we will make of the
net proceeds from this Global Offering.

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company and, because judicial precedent regarding the
rights of shareholders is more limited under the laws of the Cayman Islands than other
jurisdictions, you may have difficulties in protecting your shareholder rights.

Our corporate affairs are governed by our Memorandum and Articles and by the Cayman
Companies Law and common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of Shareholders to take

– 115 –

