BUSINESS

implemented by the end of 2018 and we will establish necessary relationships with these
alternative sources based on supply continuity risk assessment. We currently order
approximately 70% of our raw materials and services from suppliers with whom we have
signed long-term supply contracts, and we order the rest of our raw materials and services on
a purchase order basis and do not enter into long-term dedicated capacity or minimum supply
arrangements.

AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS

Our leader, Dr. De-Chao Michael Yu, is a biopharmaceutical expert in China who has
invented the world’s first oncolytic virus-based immunotherapeutic product, Oncorine, and
also co-invented and led the development of the first domestic innovative fully human
antibody-like therapeutic approved for marketing in China, Conbercept. Dr. Yu is an inventor
of over 60 issued patents and patent applications, and has published more than 50 SCI scientific
articles and book chapters. He was recognized as “Top Ten Persons in Innovation in China” in
2014, “The E&Y Entrepreneur of the Year in China” in 2015 and “Distinguished Entrepreneur
of Jiangsu Province” in 2016. In 2017, Dr. Yu was selected as “Person of the Year in Innovation
for Science and Technology in 2016”, “2017 China Person of the Year in Pharmaceutical
Economics” and “The Most Influential Person of the Year in Life Science in China in 2017”.
In 2018, Dr. Yu was awarded as the First Prize of “The Seventh National Overseas Returnee
Contributions Awards”.

Dr. Yu currently serves as the Chairman of the Board of the Chinese Antibody Society, a
Deputy Director of the National Technical Committee on Biochemistry Products and Testing
Technology of the Standardization Administration of China, a Deputy Director of Drug
Research and Development Special Committee of China Pharmaceutical Innovation and
Research Development Association, a Deputy Director of
the Committee of Cancer
Immunology and Cancer Biotherapy of the Chinese Society for Immunology, a Managing
Director of the Chinese Association for Medicinal Biotechnology, a Standing Committee
Member of the Special Committee of Gene Therapy Society of the Chinese Association of
Medicinal Biotechnology, a member of the Special Committee for Precision Medicine of the
China Medicinal Biotech Association and a member of the Special Committee for Cancer
Biotherapy of the China Anti-cancer Association.

Our Company has received numerous Chinese national, provincial and local

level
research grants for our innovative drug development efforts, including two grants for the
development of our sintilimab and IBI-301 drug candidates which were approved in 2014 by
the Office of Key New Drug Innovation of the National Health and Family Planning
Commission of the People’s Republic of China. A summary of the key research grants that our
Company has received is set forth in the table below.

– 303 –

