APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF THE CONSTITUTION OF THE
COMPANY AND CAYMAN COMPANIES LAW

(f)

providing for the premium payable on redemption or purchase of any shares or
debentures of the company.

No distribution or dividend may be paid to members out of the share premium account
unless immediately following the date on which the distribution or dividend is proposed to be
paid the company will be able to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of
business.

The Companies Law provides that, subject to confirmation by the Grand Court of the
Cayman Islands, a company limited by shares or a company limited by guarantee and having
a share capital may, if so authorised by its articles of association, by special resolution reduce
its share capital in any way.

Subject to the detailed provisions of the Companies Law, a company limited by shares or
a company limited by guarantee and having a share capital may, if so authorised by its articles
of association, issue shares which are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the option
of the company or a shareholder. In addition, such a company may, if authorised to do so by
its articles of association, purchase its own shares, including any redeemable shares. The
manner of such a purchase must be authorised either by the articles of association or by an
ordinary resolution of the company. The articles of association may provide that the manner of
purchase may be determined by the directors of the company. At no time may a company
redeem or purchase its shares unless they are fully paid. A company may not redeem or
purchase any of its shares if, as a result of the redemption or purchase, there would no longer
be any member of the company holding shares. A payment out of capital by a company for the
redemption or purchase of its own shares is not lawful unless immediately following the date
on which the payment is proposed to be made, the company shall be able to pay its debts as
they fall due in the ordinary course of business.

There is no statutory restriction in the Cayman Islands on the provision of financial
assistance by a company for the purchase of, or subscription for, its own or its holding
company’s shares. Accordingly, a company may provide financial assistance if the directors of
the company consider, in discharging their duties of care and to act in good faith, for a proper
purpose and in the interests of the company, that such assistance can properly be given. Such
assistance should be on an arm’s-length basis.

4

Dividends and Distributions

With the exception of section 34 of the Companies Law, there are no statutory provisions
relating to the payment of dividends. Based upon English case law which is likely to be
persuasive in the Cayman Islands in this area, dividends may be paid only out of profits. In
addition, section 34 of the Companies Law permits, subject
to a solvency test and the
provisions, if any, of the company’s memorandum and articles of association, the payment of
dividends and distributions out of the share premium account (see paragraph 3 above for
details).

– III-20 –

