RISK FACTORS

If we do not achieve one or more of these factors in a timely manner or at all, we could
experience significant delays in our ability or be unable to develop, obtain approval for and/or
to successfully commercialize our drug candidates, which would materially harm our business
and we may not be able to generate sufficient revenues and cash flows to continue our
operations.

If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, our clinical development
activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected.

The timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends,
among other things, on our ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the
trial until its conclusion. We may experience difficulties in patient enrollment in our clinical
trials for a variety of reasons, including the size and nature of the patient population and the
patient eligibility criteria defined in the protocol.

to enroll

in our trials may instead opt

Our clinical trials will likely compete with other clinical trials for drug candidates that are
in the same therapeutic areas as our drug candidates, and this competition will reduce the
number and types of patients available to us, because some patients who might have opted to
enroll
in a trial being conducted by one of our
competitors. Because the number of qualified clinical investigators and clinical trial sites is
limited, we expect to conduct some of our clinical trials at the same clinical trial sites that some
of our competitors use, which will reduce the number of patients who are available for our
clinical trials at such clinical trial sites. Even if we are able to enroll a sufficient number of
patients in our clinical trials, delays in patient enrollment may result in increased costs or may
affect the timing or outcome of the planned clinical trials, which could prevent completion of
these trials and adversely affect our ability to advance the development of our drug candidates.

Clinical drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain
outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials and non-head-to-head analyses (e.g.,
comparisons with competing drugs based on their publicly available study and trial data)
may not be predictive of future trial results.

Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is
inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. The results
of pre-clinical studies and early clinical trials of our drug candidates may not be predictive of
the results of later-stage clinical trials, and initial or interim results of a trial may not be
predictive of the final results. Drug candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show
the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through pre-clinical studies and
initial clinical trials. In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety and/or
efficacy results between different trials of the same drug candidate due to numerous factors,
including changes in trial procedures set forth in protocols, differences in the size and type of
the patient populations, including genetic differences, patient adherence to the dosing regimen
and other trial protocol elements and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. In
the case of any trials we conduct, results may differ from earlier trials due to the larger number
of clinical
trial sites and additional countries and languages involved in such trials.

– 59 –

