HOW TO APPLY FOR HONG KONG OFFER SHARES

(cid:129)

agree that your application, any acceptance of it and the resulting contract will
be governed by the Laws of Hong Kong.

Effect of Giving Electronic Application Instructions to HKSCC via CCASS

By giving electronic application instructions to HKSCC or instructing your broker or
custodian who is a CCASS Clearing Participant or a CCASS Custodian Participant to give such
instructions to HKSCC, you (and, if you are joint applicants, each of you jointly and severally)
are deemed to have done the following things. Neither HKSCC nor HKSCC Nominees shall be
liable to the Company or any other person in respect of the things mentioned below:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

instructed and authorised HKSCC to cause HKSCC Nominees (acting as nominee
for the relevant CCASS Participants) to apply for the Hong Kong Offer Shares on
your behalf;

instructed and authorised HKSCC to arrange payment of the maximum Offer Price,
brokerage, SFC transaction levy and the Stock Exchange trading fee by debiting
your designated bank account and, in the case of a wholly or partially unsuccessful
application and/or if the Offer Price is less than the maximum Offer Price per Offer
Share initially paid on application, refund of the application monies(including
brokerage, SFC transaction levy and the Stock Exchange trading fee) by crediting
your designated bank account; and

instructed and authorised HKSCC to cause HKSCC Nominees to do on your behalf
all the things stated in the WHITE Application Form and in this prospectus.

Minimum Purchase Amount and Permitted Numbers

You may give or cause your broker or custodian who is a CCASS Clearing Participant or
a CCASS Custodian Participant to give electronic application instructions for a minimum of
500 Hong Kong Offer Shares. Instructions for more than 500 Hong Kong Offer Shares must be
in one of the numbers set out in the table in the Application Forms. No application for any other
number of Hong Kong Offer Shares will be considered and any such application is liable to be
rejected.

Time for Inputting Electronic Application Instructions(1)

CCASS Clearing/Custodian Participants can input electronic application instructions at

the following times on the following dates:

Thursday, October 18, 2018 – 9:00 a.m. to 8:30 p.m.
Friday, October 19, 2018 – 8:00 a.m. to 8:30 p.m.
Saturday, October 20, 2018 – 8:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m.
Monday, October 22, 2018 – 8:00 a.m. to 8:30 p.m.
Tuesday, October 23, 2018 – 8:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon

– 418 –

