APPENDIX IV

STATUTORY AND GENERAL INFORMATION

of capital, if so authorised by the Articles of Association and subject to the Cayman
Islands Companies Law. Any premium payable on the purchase over the par value of the
shares to be purchased must have been provided for out of profits or from sums standing
to the credit of our share premium account or out of capital, if so authorised by the
Articles of Association and subject to the Cayman Islands Companies Law.

(iii) Trading Restrictions

The total number of shares which a listed company may repurchase on the Stock
Exchange is the number of shares representing up to a maximum of 10% of the aggregate
number of shares in issue. A company may not issue or announce a proposed issue of new
securities for a period of 30 days immediately following a repurchase (other than an issue
of securities pursuant to an exercise of warrants, share options or similar instruments
requiring the company to issue securities which were outstanding prior
to such
repurchase) without
the prior approval of the Stock Exchange. In addition, a listed
company is prohibited from repurchasing its shares on the Stock Exchange if the purchase
price is 5% or more than the average closing market price for the five preceding trading
days on which its shares were traded on the Stock Exchange. The Listing Rules also
prohibit a listed company from repurchasing its securities if the repurchase would result
in the number of listed securities which are in the hands of the public falling below the
relevant prescribed minimum percentage as required by the Stock Exchange. A company
is required to procure that the broker appointed by it to effect a repurchase of securities
discloses to the Stock Exchange such information with respect to the repurchase as the
Stock Exchange may require.

(iv) Status of Repurchased Shares

The listing of all purchased securities (whether on the Stock Exchange or, otherwise)
is automatically cancelled and the relative certificates must be cancelled and destroyed.
Under the laws of the Cayman Islands, unless, prior to the purchase the directors of our
Company resolve to hold the shares purchased by our Company as treasury shares, shares
purchased by our Company shall be treated as cancelled and the amount of our
Company’s issued share capital shall be diminished by the nominal value of those shares.
However,
the purchase of shares will not be taken as reducing the amount of the
authorised share capital under Cayman law.

(v)

Suspension of Repurchase

A listed company may not make any repurchase of securities after a price sensitive
development has occurred or has been the subject of a decision until such time as the price
sensitive information has been made publicly available. In particular, during the period of
one month immediately preceding the earlier of (a) the date of the Board meeting (as such
date is first notified to the Stock Exchange in accordance with the Listing Rules) for the
approval of a listed company’s results for any year, half-year, quarterly or any other
interim period (whether or not required under the Listing Rules) and (b) the deadline for

– IV-7 –

