BUSINESS

Strategic partnerships with leading global companies, such as Eli Lilly and Adimab

Eli Lilly has been our strategic partner since the early days of our Company. Our strategic
alliance with Eli Lilly was formalized in 2015 and is comprised of licensing, co-development
and co-branding arrangements in China for sintilimab (IBI-308), our PD-1 antibody, and
IBI-301, our rituximab (MabThera/Rituxan) biosimilar. In addition, we and Eli Lilly have
agreed to collaborate in the discovery, development and commercialization of three PD-1-
based bi-specific antibodies,
these
collaboration agreements demonstrate the quality of our team and its accomplishments. We also
cooperate with other strategic partners, such as Adimab, with whom we have an agreement to
co-discover monoclonal antibodies. We believe we offer a strong value proposition for
potential
technical knowledge, speed,
flexibility and lower cost structure.

including IBI-318 and IBI-319. We believe that

international strategic partners that

includes our

Senior management with a proven track record of success,
led by our founder, the
co-inventor and developer of the first domestic innovative fully human antibody-like drug
in China

Our

leader, Dr. De-Chao Michael Yu,

invented and owns world’s first oncolytic
virus-based immunotherapeutic product, Oncorine. Dr. Yu also co-invented and led the
development of Conbercept,
the first domestic innovative fully human antibody-like
therapeutic approved for marketing in China. Dr. Yu has more than 20 years of experience in
key research and development and other management positions at Calydon, Cell Genesys,
Applied Genetic Technology Corporation (where he was vice president of research and
development) and Chengdu Kanghong Biotech (where he was the CEO and President). Dr. Yu
was recruited to return to China as part of a national government initiative to attract leading
overseas Chinese scientists. He has advised the government on key regulatory reforms in the
pharmaceutical field. For example, Dr. Yu co-authored a proposal with 22 academic researchers
in 2014. Dr. Yu currently serves as the Chairman of the Board of the Chinese Antibody Society,
a Deputy Director of the National Technical Committee on Biochemistry Products and Testing
Technology of the Standardization Administration of China, a Deputy Director of the Drug
Research and Development Special Committee of China Pharmaceutical Innovation and
Research Development Association, a Deputy Director of the Committee of the Cancer
Immunology and Cancer Biotherapy of the Chinese Society for Immunology, a Managing
Director of the Chinese Association for Medicinal Biotechnology, a Standing Committee
Member of the Special Committee of Gene Therapy Society of the Chinese Association of
Medicinal Biotechnology, a member of the Special Committee for Precision Medicine of the
China Medicinal Biotech Association and a member of the Special Committee of Cancer
Biotherapy of the China Anti-cancer Association. These roles give him keen insight into the
regulatory environment in China. Dr. Yu is supported by a senior management team with
biologics industry experience at
leading international pharmaceutical companies such as
Abbvie, Amgen, AstraZeneca, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Eli Lilly, Genentech, Novartis, Pfizer,
and Roche.

– 222 –

