SUMMARY

DIVIDENDS

As of the Latest Practicable Date, we did not have a formal dividend policy. As we are
a holding company, our ability to declare and pay dividends will depend on receipt of sufficient
funds from our subsidiaries which are incorporated in China. Any amount of dividends we pay
will be at the discretion of our Directors and will depend on our future operations and earnings,
capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other
factors which our Directors consider relevant. Any declaration and payment as well as the
amount of dividends will be subject
to our constitutional documents and the Cayman
Companies Law. Our Shareholders in a general meeting may approve any declaration of
dividends, which must not exceed the amount recommended by our Board. No dividends shall
be declared or payable except out of our profits and share premium lawfully available for
distribution. As advised by our legal adviser as to Cayman Islands law, Maples and Calder
(Hong Kong) LLP, a position of accumulated losses does not necessarily restrict us from
declaring and paying dividends to our Shareholders, as dividends may still be declared and paid
out of our share premium account notwithstanding our lack of profitability, subject to a
solvency test and the provisions, if any, of our memorandum and articles of association. In
addition, a dividend can be paid provided that there is a profit on the current financial year
under review, without the requirement to make good losses from a prior financial year. Our
future declarations of dividends may or may not reflect our historical declarations of dividends
and will be at the absolute discretion of the Board. There is no assurance that dividends of any
amount will be declared to be distributed in any year.

LISTING EXPENSES

Listing expenses to be borne by us are estimated to be approximately HK$179.3 million
(including underwriting commission, assuming an Offer Price of HK$13.25 per Share, being
the mid-point of the indicative Offer Price range of HK$12.50 to HK$14.00 per Share),
assuming the Over-allotment Option is not exercised and no shares are issued pursuant to the
Equity Plans. No such expenses were recognized and charged to our consolidated statements
of profit or loss for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017. In the six months ended June
30, 2018, the listing expenses charged to profit or loss were RMB32.7 million and capitalized
to deferred issue costs were RMB6.3 million. After June 30, 2018, approximately HK$18.90
million is expected to be charged to our consolidated statements of profit or loss, and
approximately HK$116.19 million is expected to be accounted for as a deduction from equity
upon the Listing. The listing expenses above are the latest practicable estimate for reference
only, and the actual amount may differ from this estimate.

USE OF PROCEEDS

We estimate that we will receive net proceeds from the Global Offering of approximately
HK$2,952.4 million after deducting underwriting commissions and other estimated expenses
paid and payable by us in the Global Offering taking into account any additional discretionary
incentive fee, assuming an Offer Price of HK$13.25 per Share, being the mid-point of the
indicative Offer Price range of HK$12.50 to HK$14.00 per Share. We intend to use the net
proceeds we will receive from this offering for the following purposes:

– 16 –

