BUSINESS

OVERVIEW OF OUR COMPANY

Our mission is to create a world-class China-based biopharmaceutical company that
develops and commercializes high quality drugs that are affordable to ordinary people. We
were founded in 2011 by our visionary leader, Dr. De-Chao Michael Yu, a highly accomplished
scientist, innovator and entrepreneur. Dr. Yu invented the world’s first oncolytic virus-based
immunotherapeutic product, Oncorine, and also co-invented and led the development of the
first domestic innovative fully human antibody-like therapeutic approved for marketing in
China, Conbercept. We are committed to innovation in drug development and have instituted
global quality standards for every aspect of our Company’s business and operations.

China’s biologics market has experienced rapid growth in the past few years, more so than
the global biologics market, and we believe it will continue its robust growth in the future,
driven by the unmet needs of the cancer patient population, increasing healthcare expenditures,
favorable government policies,
the approval of new biologics therapies and increased
investment in research and development. According to Frost & Sullivan, a leading global
market research and consulting firm, China’s biologics market grew from RMB86.2 billion in
2013 in terms of market size to RMB218.5 billion in 2017, representing a CAGR of 26.2%
during the period.

To capitalize on this tremendous market opportunity, we have developed our fully-
integrated platform which boasts advanced research, discovery, development, manufacturing
and commercialization capabilities. These capabilities have enabled us to build a robust
pipeline of innovative and commercially promising monoclonal antibodies and other biologics
in the fields of oncology, ophthalmology, and autoimmune and metabolic diseases. The full
integration of our platform enables smooth collaboration between different functional groups
at key points in the lifecycle of a drug candidate with the aim of increasing both the speed of
development and the likelihood of success while at
the same time reducing the cost of
development. This platform is the engine that drives our business and allows us to manage the
risks of drug development.

Leveraging our platform, we have built up a pipeline of 17 antibody drug candidates in
the last seven years, led by our four core products that are in late-stage clinical development
in China, including sintilimab (IBI-308), our novel PD-1 antibody; IBI-305, our bevacizumab
(Avastin) biosimilar; IBI-301, our rituximab (MabThera/Rituxan) biosimilar; and IBI-303, our
adalimumab (Humira) biosimilar. In addition, out of our pipeline of 17 antibody drug
candidates, six are in clinical development in China, including two designated as Category 1
drug candidates, which are sintilimab and IBI-306, and four designated as Category 2 drug
candidates,
including IBI-310, IBI-301, IBI-303 and IBI-305. Moreover, four other drug
candidates in our pipeline, IBI-302, IBI-307, IBI-101 and IBI-188, received IND approval in
December 2016, June 2018, June 2018 and August 2018, respectively.

– 216 –

