BUSINESS

(cid:129)

AUC0-inf: area under the concentration-time curve from the first time point measured
(0) extrapolated to infinity.

The area under the curve, or the AUC, is a measure of how much of a drug is in a patient’s
system over a given time period. In order to calculate the AUC, the concentration of the drug
in blood serum or plasma is plotted over time starting at the time the drug is administered and
is collected (AUC0-t) or when the serum or plasma
ending when the last
concentration would be below the level of detection or zero (AUC0-inf), and then the area under
this curve is calculated. To be deemed bioequivalent, for each parameter, the ratio of the
biosimilar drug candidate and the reference product shall fall between 80% and 125%, with the
identical match being at 100%.

time point

Step 4: Clinical Confirmation Studies. The final step to support regulatory approval for
a biosimilar drug candidate is a single Phase 3 confirmatory safety and efficacy study in a
therapeutic indication for which the reference product has been approved. The objective of this
study is to demonstrate biosimilarity between the two molecules with respect to both safety and
efficacy. Trial endpoints include considerations such as the number of subjects, statistical
significance, confidence intervals and accumulated safety database size. We currently do not
have safety data relating to our biosimilar product candidates available because our clinical
confirmation studies are double blind trials which are still ongoing. Only upon the closure of
such trials the safety data will be “unblinded” and cleansed and become available.

IBI-305 is our biosimilar product candidate to bevacizumab, which is sold under the trade

name Avastin (阿瓦斯汀) in China.

Mechanism of Action

Bevacizumab is a recombinant fully-humanized monoclonal antibody that decreases the
growth of blood vessels (this growth is referred to as angiogenesis) by inhibiting vascular
endothelial growth factor A (VEGF-A). VEGF-A is a protein that stimulates angiogenesis
which in turn promotes the growth of certain solid tissues, including solid tumors.

– 244 –

