SUMMARY

We are currently conducting Phase 3 clinical trials in China for three biosimilar drug
candidates, all of which demonstrate significant commercial potential. The reference drug for
each of them has a number of approved indications:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

glioblastoma,

IBI-305 is an anti-VEGF monoclonal antibody and our biosimilar product candidate
to bevacizumab (Avastin). Bevacizumab has been approved by the FDA for the
treatment of metastatic colon cancer, lung cancers, kidney cancers, ovarian cancers
and
advanced
relapsed/refractory NSCLC and metastatic CRC. Avastin had worldwide sales of
US$6.8 billion in 2017. There is one other bevacizumab biosimilar drug candidate
for which NDA has been submitted to NMPA. Besides our IBI-305, there are seven
other bevacizumab biosimilar drug candidates in Phase 3 clinical trials in China.

in China

and

for

it

has

been

approved

IBI-301 is an anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody and our biosimilar product candidate
to rituximab (MabThera/Rituxan). Since November 1997, Rituximab has been
approved by the FDA for the treatment of non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma, chronic
lymphocytic leukemia, rheumatoid arthritis, granulomatosis with polyangiitis and
pemphigus vulgaris, and since March 2000, it has been approved in China for
non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma. Rituxan had worldwide sales of US$7.5 billion in 2017.
Besides our IBI-301, there are one rituximab biosimilar drug candidate with an NDA
under review by the NMPA and two other rituximab biosimilar drug candidates in
Phase 3 clinical trials in China.

IBI-303 is an anti-TNF-␣ monoclonal antibody and our biosimilar product candidate
to adalimumab (Humira). Adalimumab has been approved by the FDA for the
treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile idiopathic arthritis, psoriatic arthritis,
ankylosing spondylitis, Crohn’s disease, ulcerative colitis and psoriasis, and it has
been approved in China for
rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis and
psoriasis. Humira had worldwide sales of US$18.9 billion in 2017. There are two
other adalimumab biosimilar drug candidates for which NDAs have been submitted
to NMPA. Besides our IBI-303, there are two other adalimumab biosimilar drug
candidates in Phase 3 clinical trials in China.

We expect to submit NDAs to the NMPA for IBI-305 and IBI-301 in the first quarter of
2019 and in the fourth quarter of 2019, respectively. For IBI-303, we had a pre-NDA meeting
with the NMPA on September 10, 2018, and based on internal review of the clinical trial
progress, we expect to submit an NDA to the NMPA in the fourth quarter of 2018.

In addition to our four core products, we have a robust pipeline of innovative monoclonal
antibody drug candidates targeting diseases with largely unmet patient needs and significant
total addressable markets, including bi-specific antibody products that bind to two different
targets simultaneously. This pipeline includes two drug candidates that are currently in clinical
development in China and being pursued under China’s innovative drug registration pathway,
and it also includes four drug candidates for which IND applications have been approved in
China, including IBI-302:

– 5 –

