RISK FACTORS

We have limited experience in filing for regulatory approval for our drug candidates, and
we have not yet demonstrated the ability to receive regulatory approval for our drug candidates.
We have submitted only one NDA, which was for our most advanced drug candidate,
sintilimab. This was accepted by the NMPA on April 16, 2018 and is still awaiting approval.
As a result, our ability to successfully submit any future NDA, and obtain regulatory approval
for our drug candidates may involve more inherent risk, take longer, and cost more than it
would if we were a company with experience in obtaining regulatory approvals.

Regulatory authorities outside of China, such as the FDA and EMA, also have
requirements for approval of drugs for commercial sale with which we must comply prior to
marketing in those areas. Regulatory requirements can vary widely from country to country and
could delay or prevent the introduction of our drug candidates. Clinical trials conducted in one
country may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries, and obtaining
regulatory approval in one country does not mean that regulatory approval will be obtained in
any other country. Approval processes vary among countries and can involve additional
product testing and validation and additional administrative review periods. Seeking foreign
regulatory approval could require additional non-clinical studies or clinical trials, which could
be costly and time-consuming. The foreign regulatory approval process may include all of the
risks associated with obtaining NMPA approval. For all of these reasons, we may not obtain
foreign regulatory approvals on a timely basis, if at all.

The process to develop, obtain regulatory approval

for and commercialize drug
candidates is long, complex and costly both inside and outside the United States and China, and
approval is never guaranteed. Even if our drug candidates were to successfully obtain approval
from the regulatory authorities, any approval might significantly limit the approved indications
for use, or require that precautions, contraindications or warnings be included on the product
labeling, or require expensive and time-consuming post-approval clinical trials or surveillance
as conditions of approval. Following any approval for commercial sale of our drug candidates,
certain changes to the drug, such as changes in manufacturing processes and additional labeling
claims, may be subject to additional review and approval by the NMPA, FDA and EMA and
comparable regulatory authorities. Also, regulatory approval for any of our drug candidates
may be withdrawn. If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval for our drug candidates in
one or more jurisdictions, or any approval contains significant limitations, our target market
will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of our drug candidates will
be harmed. Furthermore, we may not be able to obtain sufficient funding or generate sufficient
revenue and cash flows to continue the development of any other drug candidate in the future.

Our future approved drug candidates may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by
physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community necessary for
commercial success.

Our future approved drug candidates may fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by
physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community. For example,
current cancer treatments like chemotherapy and radiation therapy are well established in the
medical community, and doctors may continue to rely on these treatments to the exclusion of

– 73 –

