INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

That the List B catalogue of the National Reimbursement Drug List (NRDL) is
expanded to include 17 anti-cancer drugs. In 2019, China’s Ministry of Human
Resources and Social Security (MHRSS) is expected to initiate a new round of
medical insurance negotiation, and both local and multinational PD-1 inhibitors may
be incorporated into the NRDL through price negotiation. The annual cost of
multinational pharmaceutical products is expected to decrease by 40% while the
annual cost of local products is expected to decrease by 35%. After the completion
of price negotiation, annual treatment cost is expected to further decrease by 3%
each year for multinational products and by 2% for local products, and it is expected
that eventually there will be no significant difference in annual treatment cost
between local and multinational pharmaceutical products in 2030.

In terms of patient volume, it is estimated that local drug products will account for
70% of addressible patient population when they reach the peak of sales. In terms
of sales revenue, local drug products are projected to have a 66.5% market share
when they reach the peak of sales.

Combination therapies are expected to be a major growth driver for China’s
PD-1/PD-L1 antibody market in the future.

The forecast for the size of China’s PD-1/PD-L1 antibody market does not take into
account off-label prescription for either local or multinational drug products.

We submitted our NDA for sintilimab, our PD-1 antibody, for the treatment of r/r classical
Hodgkin’s lymphoma on April 3, 2018, which was accepted by the NMPA on April 16, 2018
and was granted priority review status on April 23, 2018. In addition to our completed
registration trial
in China to evaluate sintilimab in patients with r/r classical Hodgkin’s
lymphoma, we are executing a broad development program targeting an array of cancer
indications including several registration trials for sintilimab, both as a monotherapy and as
part of a combination therapy, and both in China and in the U.S., which is intended to support
our regulatory submissions for multiple indications both in China and globally. See the section
headed “Business – Our Drug Candidates – Our Most Advanced Drug Candidate: sintilimab
(IBI-308) – Clinical Development Plan” for details. According to Frost & Sullivan,
the
estimated PD-1/PD-L1 antibody market size cannot be reliably or meaningfully broken down,
either by target (i.e., PD-1 versus PD-L1) or by disease indications for the following reasons:

(cid:129)

Immune checkpoint PD-1 and its ligand PD-L1 are both located on the surface of
cells, bind to each other, and function in the same immune pathway. As a result,
PD-1 inhibitors and PD-L1 inhibitors have highly similar coverages of disease
indications and addressable patient populations. Therefore, due to such high
similarity, it is impractical to reliably or meaningfully break down the expected
PD-1/PD-L1 market into two markets respectively for PD-1 inhibitors and PD-L1
inhibitors.

– 158 –

