BUSINESS

net sales. We will also be solely responsible for certain royalty payments owed to Adimab for
net sales of such preferred Bi-Specific PD-1 Product, as described in “– Collaboration with
Adimab”.

If we decide not to develop an Eli Lilly’s preferred candidate in China, Eli Lilly may
develop that preferred Bi-Specific PD-1 Product. In such an event, we will grant to Eli Lilly
an exclusive license under certain of our patents, know-how and jointly owned patents and
inventions related to such preferred Bi-Specific PD-1 Product to develop and commercialize
such product for any use in China. Eli Lilly will owe us development milestones totaling up
to US$21,000,000, and royalties of net sales. Eli Lilly would be responsible for
the
aforementioned royalty payments to Adimab in this scenario.

If we opt to develop an Eli Lilly’s preferred Bi-Specific PD-1 Product candidate in China,
and Eli Lilly opts in to our development and commercialization efforts, then each party will
grant the other rights in their patents, know-how, joint patents, and joint inventions related to
such preferred Bi-Specific PD-1 Product to develop, manufacture, and commercialize such
product in China. The parties would then equally share development costs and revenue. If Eli
Lilly opts in, it can either pay us (i) a US$25,000,000 upfront fee for each Bi-Specific PD-1
Product or (ii) a US$15,000,000 upfront fee for each Bi-Specific PD-1 Product and up to
US$47,500,000 in milestone payments.

Both parties have agreed that neither party will develop in China a PD-1 bi-specific
antibody that targets the same receptor pairs as the Bi-Specific PD-1 Products for a period of
time so long as either the Lilly China Agreement and Lilly China Addendum are in effect in
relation to a Bi-Specific PD-1 Product in China or we have not elected to exercise our
development rights with respect to Eli Lilly’s preferred candidate in China.

Exclusive License for PD-1 Outside China and License Agreement for PD-1 Outside China
(collectively, the “Lilly Ex-China Agreement”)

The Lilly Ex-China Agreement, which was entered into in March 2015, governs the
development of cell lines for sintilimab and for Eli Lilly to develop cell lines for bi-specific
PD-1 products (“Ex-China Bi-Specific PD-1 Products”) (collectively, the “Ex-China PD-1
Products”) throughout the world other than in China. This agreement was amended in July
2015, October 2015, December 2017, and most recently in June 2018.

Under the Lilly Ex-China Agreement, as amended, Eli Lilly has full responsibility for the
development, regulatory, manufacturing, and commercialization activities concerning the
Ex-China Bi-Specific PD-1 Products throughout the world other than in China at its own cost.
Eli Lilly is also responsible for developing a cell line for the expression of the Ex-China PD-1
Products.

In December 2017, pursuant to a letter agreement between us and Eli Lilly, Eli Lilly opted
not to pursue development of sintilimab as a monotherapy outside China under the Lilly
Ex-China Agreement. The development and commercialization rights of sintilimab as a

– 284 –

