APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF THE CONSTITUTION OF THE
COMPANY AND CAYMAN COMPANIES LAW

5

Shareholders’ Suits

The Cayman Islands courts can be expected to follow English case law precedents. The
rule in Foss v. Harbottle (and the exceptions thereto which permit a minority shareholder to
commence a class action against or derivative actions in the name of the company to challenge
(a) an act which is ultra vires the company or illegal, (b) an act which constitutes a fraud
against the minority where the wrongdoers are themselves in control of the company, and (c)
an action which requires a resolution with a qualified (or special) majority which has not been
obtained) has been applied and followed by the courts in the Cayman Islands.

6

Protection of Minorities

In the case of a company (not being a bank) having a share capital divided into shares,
the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands may, on the application of members holding not less
than one-fifth of the shares of the company in issue, appoint an inspector to examine into the
affairs of the company and to report thereon in such manner as the Grand Court shall direct.

Any shareholder of a company may petition the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands which
may make a winding up order if the court is of the opinion that it is just and equitable that the
company should be wound up.

Claims against a company by its shareholders must, as a general rule, be based on the
general laws of contract or tort applicable in the Cayman Islands or their individual rights as
shareholders as established by the company’s memorandum and articles of association.

The English common law rule that the majority will not be permitted to commit a fraud

on the minority has been applied and followed by the courts of the Cayman Islands.

7

Disposal of Assets

The Companies Law contains no specific restrictions on the powers of directors to dispose
of assets of a company. As a matter of general law, in the exercise of those powers, the directors
must discharge their duties of care and to act in good faith, for a proper purpose and in the
interests of the company.

8

Accounting and Auditing Requirements

The Companies Law requires that a company shall cause to be kept proper books of

account with respect to:

(a)

all sums of money received and expended by the company and the matters in respect
of which the receipt and expenditure takes place;

(b)

all sales and purchases of goods by the company; and

(c)

the assets and liabilities of the company.

– III-21 –

