HOW TO APPLY FOR HONG KONG OFFER SHARES

9. HOW MUCH ARE THE HONG KONG OFFER SHARES

The WHITE and YELLOW Application Forms have tables showing the exact amount

payable for Shares.

You must pay the maximum Offer Price, brokerage, SFC transaction levy and the Stock
in the

Exchange trading fee in full upon application for Shares under the terms set out
Application Forms.

You may submit an application using a WHITE or YELLOW Application Form or
through the White Form eIPO service in respect of a minimum of 500 Hong Kong Public
Offer Shares. Each application or electronic application instruction in respect of more than
500 Hong Kong Public Offer Shares must be in one of the numbers set out in the table in the
Application Form, or as otherwise specified on the designated website at www.eipo.com.hk.

If your application is successful, brokerage will be paid to the Exchange Participants, and
the SFC transaction levy and the Stock Exchange trading fee are paid to the Stock Exchange
(in the case of the SFC transaction levy, collected by the Stock Exchange on behalf of the SFC).

For further details on the Offer Price, see the section headed “Structure of the Global

Offering – Pricing and Allocation”.

10. EFFECT OF BAD WEATHER ON THE OPENING OF THE APPLICATION LISTS

The application lists will not open if there is:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

a tropical cyclone warming signal number 8 or above; or

a “black” rainstorm warning,

in force in Hong Kong at any time between 9:00 a.m. and 12:00 noon on Tuesday, October 23,
2018. Instead they will open between 11:45 a.m. and 12:00 noon on the next business day
which does not have either of those warnings in Hong Kong in force at any time between 9:00
a.m. and 12:00 noon.

If the application lists do not open and close on Tuesday, October 23, 2018 or if there is
a tropical cyclone warning signal number 8 or above or a “black” rainstorm warning signal in
force in Hong Kong that may affect the dates mentioned in the section headed “Expected
Timetable”, an announcement will be made in such event.

11. PUBLICATION OF RESULTS

The Company expects to announce the final Offer Price, the level of indication of interest
in the International Offering, the level of applications in the Hong Kong Public Offering and
the basis of allocation of the Hong Kong Offer Shares on Tuesday, October 30, 2018 in the
South China Morning Post (in English) and Hong Kong Economic Times (in Chinese) on the
Company’s website at www.innoventbio.com and the website of the Stock Exchange at
www.hkexnews.hk.

– 421 –

