STRUCTURE OF THE GLOBAL OFFERING

OVER-ALLOTMENT OPTION

In connection with the Global Offering,

the
Over-allotment Option to the International Underwriters, exercisable by the Joint Global
Coordinators (on behalf of the International Underwriters).

the Company is expected to grant

Pursuant to the Over-allotment Option, the International Underwriters will have the right,
exercisable by the Joint Global Coordinators (on behalf of the International Underwriters) at
any time from the Listing Date until 30 days after the last day for lodging applications under
the Hong Kong Public Offering, to require the Company to issue up to an aggregate of
35,452,000 additional Shares, representing not more than 15% of the total number of Offer
Shares initially available under the Global Offering, at the Offer Price under the International
Offering to, among other things, cover over-allocations in the International Offering, if any.

If the Over-allotment Option is exercised in full, the additional Offer Shares to be issued
pursuant thereto will represent approximately 3.1% of the total Shares in issue immediately
following the completion of the Global Offering and the issue of Offer Shares pursuant to the
Over-allotment Option. If the Over-allotment Option is exercised, an announcement will be
made.

STABILIZATION

Stabilization is a practice used by underwriters in some markets to facilitate the
distribution of securities. To stabilize, the underwriters may bid for, or purchase, the securities
in the secondary market during a specified period of time, to retard and, if possible, prevent
a decline in the initial public market price of the securities below the offer price. Such
transactions may be effected in all jurisdictions where it is permissible to do so, in each case
in compliance with all applicable laws and regulatory requirements, including those of Hong
Kong. In Hong Kong, the price at which stabilization is effected is not permitted to exceed the
offer price.

In connection with the Global Offering, the Stabilization Manager (or any person acting
for it), on behalf of the Underwriters, may over-allocate or effect transactions with a view to
stabilizing or supporting the market price of the Shares at a level higher than that which might
otherwise prevail for a limited period after the Listing Date. However, there is no obligation
on the Stabilization Manager (or any person acting for it) to conduct any such stabilizing
action. Such stabilizing action, if taken, (a) will be conducted at the absolute discretion of the
Stabilization Manager (or any person acting for it) and in what the Stabilization Manager
reasonably regards as the best interest of the Company, (b) may be discontinued at any time
and (c) is required to be brought
to an end within 30 days of the last day for lodging
applications under the Hong Kong Public Offering.

– 402 –

