SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

Notes:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

FIL Limited is deemed to be interested in the equity interests held by both Asia Ventures and F-Prime
Capital, due to (i) its interests in Asia Ventures as a limited partner and the fact that it is the sole
shareholder of FIL Capital Management Ltd, the general partner of Asia Partners II L.P., which in turn
is the general partner of Asia Ventures; and (ii) its interests in F-Prime Capital as a limited partner. FIL
Limited is controlled (as defined under the SFO) by Pandanus Partners L.P., whose general partner is
Pandanus Associates Inc..

As such, under the SFO, FIL Capital Management Ltd is deemed to be interested in the 78,122,780
Shares held by Asia Ventures, and FIL Limited, Pandanus Partners L.P., and Pandanus Associates Inc.
are deemed to be interested in the 156,245,560 Shares held by Asia Ventures and F-Prime Capital.

Impresa Fund III Limited Partnership is deemed to be interested in the equity interests held by both Asia
Ventures and F-Prime Capital, due to its interests in each of Asia Ventures and F-Prime Capital as a
limited partner. The general partner of Impresa Fund III Limited Partnership is Impresa Management
LLC, which is controlled (as defined under the SFO) by each of Abigail P. Johnson and Edward C.
Johnson IV and owned, directly or indirectly, by various shareholders and employees of FMR LLC.
Further, the general partner of F-Prime Capital is F-Prime Capital Partners Healthcare Advisors Fund
II LP, whose general partner is Impresa Management LLC.

As such, under the SFO, F-Prime Capital Partners Healthcare Advisors Fund II LP is deemed to be
interested in the 78,122,780 Shares held by F-Prime Capital, and Impresa Fund III Limited Partnership,
Impresa Management LLC, Abigail P. Johnson, Edward C. Johnson IV and FMR LLC are deemed to be
interested in the 156,245,560 Shares held by Asia Ventures and F-Prime Capital.

Seacliff (Cayman) Ltd. is wholly-owned by Capital International Private Equity Fund VI, L.P., the
general partner of which is Capital International Investments VI, LP, the general partner of which is
Capital International Investments Limited. Under the SFO, Capital International Private Equity Fund VI,
L.P., Capital International Investments VI, LP and Capital International Investments VI Limited are
deemed to be interested in the 65,769,750 Shares held by Seacliff (Cayman) Ltd. Further, Dwyer
(Cayman) Ltd. is 100% owned by CGPE VI, L.P., the general partner of which is Capital International
Investments VI Limited. Therefore under the SFO, Capital International Investments VI Limited is also
deemed to be interested in the 1,294,340 Shares held by Dwyer (Cayman) Ltd.

TLS Beta is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Temasek Life Sciences Private Limited, which is in turn a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Fullerton Management Pte Ltd, which is in turn a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited. Under the SFO, Temasek Life Sciences Private Limited,
Fullerton Management Pte Ltd and Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited are deemed to be interested in
the 64,482,850 Shares held by TLS Beta.

Includes (1) 45,628,190 Shares held by Dr. Yu and (2) 10,000,000 Shares held by Gloria Bingqinzi Yu
as trustee of Yu Tong Family Irrevocable Trust, of which Dr. Yu and his spouse are the grantors. Under
the SFO, Dr. Yu is deemed to be interested in these Shares.

The general partner of Great Biono Fortune LP is Great Biono Fortune Limited, which holds the
interests of Great Biono Fortune LP as to 50% as its general partner. Dr. De-Chao Michael Yu is the sole
shareholder of Great Biono Fortune Limited and a limited partner of Great Biono Fortune LP. Under the
SFO, each of Great Biono Fortune Limited and Dr. Yu is deemed to be interested in the 90,100,040
Shares held by Great Biono Fortune LP. Of the 90,100,040 Shares held by Great Biono Fortune LP, Dr.
Yu is beneficially interested in 59,511,000 Shares.

– 356 –

