BUSINESS

Continue to enhance our fully-integrated platform

We will continue to invest in building out our fully-integrated monoclonal antibody
therapeutics platform, not only in manufacturing and commercialization but also in discovery
and development. We are actively hiring new personnel in many functional departments across
our Company. By September 2019, we expect to have completed installation of six new 3,000L
stainless steel bioreactors that will be in full operation at our main campus in Suzhou and we
have additional space set aside for the installation of four new 15,000L stainless steel
bioreactors and for the further expansion of our research facilities. We are currently building
and expect to have a 250-member commercialization team by the time we receive marketing
approval for marketing and sales of sintilimab in China. We plan to double that size to a
500-member commercialization team in anticipation of the increased market demand for
sintilimab and prior to the commercial launch of our first biosimilar drug candidate in China.

Maximize the value of our fully-integrated platform through a global strategy of organic
growth and collaboration

We intend to maximize the value of our fully-integrated platform by manufacturing our
products for sale through our strategic partners outside of China and selectively in-licensing
drug products for sale both inside and outside China. We have built our manufacturing facilities
and our quality system at international standards and we plan to seek certification from the
FDA and the EMA that we comply with cGMP requirements. We are building a team in the
United States to conduct clinical trials of selected drug candidates, beginning with sintilimab,
which has been approved for Phase 1b/2 clinical trials by the FDA based on data from our
clinical trial results in China. We are preparing to submit more IND applications for additional
innovative drug candidates globally, and we also intend to enrich and supplement our pipeline
through collaboration, in-licensing and acquisition.

OUR DRUG CANDIDATES

Leveraging our fully-integrated platform, we are developing 17 monoclonal antibody
drug candidates,
including seven in clinical development, addressing major unmet or
under-served medical needs in China. We believe that some of these innovative compounds
have the potential to be best-in-class monotherapies or an important component of combination
therapies with other oncology drugs.

– 224 –

