HOW TO APPLY FOR HONG KONG OFFER SHARES

5.

APPLYING THROUGH THE WHITE FORM eIPO SERVICE

General

Individuals who meet the criteria in “Who Can Apply” section, may apply through the
WHITE Form eIPO service for the Offer Shares to be allotted and registered in their own
names through the designated website at www.eipo.com.hk.

Detailed instructions for application through the WHITE Form eIPO service are on the
designated website. If you do not follow the instructions, your application may be rejected and
may not be submitted to the Company. If you apply through the designated website. you
authorise the WHITE Form eIPO Service Provider to apply on the terms and conditions in this
prospectus, as supplemented and amended by the terms and conditions of the WHITE Form
eIPO service.

Time for Submitting Applications under the WHITE Form eIPO

You may submit your application to the WHITE Form eIPO Service Provider at
www.eipo.com.hk (24 hours daily, except on the last application day) from 9:00 a.m. on
Thursday, October 18, 2018 until 11:30 a.m. on Tuesday, October 23, 2018 and the latest time
for completing full payment of application monies in respect of such applications will be 12:00
noon on Tuesday, October 23, 2018 or such later time under the “Effects of Bad Weather on
the Opening of the Applications Lists” in this section.

No Multiple Applications

If you apply by means of WHITE Form eIPO service, once you complete payment in
respect of any electronic application instruction given by you or for your benefit through the
WHITE Form eIPO service to make an application for Hong Kong Offer Shares, an actual
application shall be deemed to have been made. For the avoidance of doubt, giving an
electronic application instruction under WHITE Form eIPO service more than once and
obtaining different application reference numbers without effecting full payment in respect of
a particular reference number will not constitute an actual application.

If you are suspected of submitting more than one application through the WHITE Form

eIPO service or by any other means, all of your applications are liable to be rejected.

Section 40 of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance

For the avoidance of doubt, the Company and all other parties involved in the preparation
of this prospectus acknowledge that each applicant who gives or causes to give electronic
application instructions is a person who may be entitled to compensation under Section 40 of
the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance.

– 414 –

