RISK FACTORS

protection or employing a combination of these methods. In particular, we do not own or
in-license any issued patents in the United States related to our four core drug candidates and
we own one non-provisional United States patent application related to sintilimab. For further
information on our patent portfolio, see “Business – Intellectual Property.” If we or our
licensors are unable to obtain or maintain patent protection with respect to our drug candidates
and technologies, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could
be materially harmed.

The scope of patent protection in various jurisdictions is also uncertain. Changes in either
the patent laws or their interpretation in China, the United States or other countries may
diminish our ability to protect our inventions, obtain, maintain, defend, and enforce our
intellectual property rights and, more generally, could affect the value of our intellectual
property or narrow the scope of our patent rights. We cannot predict whether the patent
applications we are currently pursuing and may pursue in the future will issue as patents in any
particular jurisdiction or whether the claims of any issued patents will provide sufficient
protection from competitors.

The patent prosecution process is expensive, time-consuming and complex, and we may
not be able to file, prosecute, maintain, enforce or license all necessary or desirable patent
applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner in all desirable territories. As a result,
we may not be able to prevent competitors from developing and commercializing competitive
drugs in all such fields and territories.

Patents may be invalidated and patent applications may not be granted for a number of
reasons, including known or unknown prior art, deficiencies in the patent application or the
lack of novelty of the underlying invention or technology. It is also possible that we will fail
to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output in time to obtain patent
protection. Although we enter into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties
who have access to confidential or patentable aspects of our research and development output,
such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, contract
manufacturers, consultants, advisers and other third parties, any of these parties may breach
such agreements and disclose such output before a patent application is filed,
thereby
jeopardizing our ability to obtain patent protection. In addition, publications of discoveries in
the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the
United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing,
or in some cases, not at all. Therefore, we cannot be certain that we were the first to make the
inventions claimed in our patents or pending patent applications or that we were the first to file
for patent protection of such inventions. Furthermore, China and, recently, the United States
have adopted the “first-to-file” system under which whoever first files a patent application will
be awarded the patent if all other patentability requirements are met. Under the first-to-file
system, third parties may be granted a patent relating to a technology which we invented.

In addition, under the PRC patent law, any organization or individual that applies for a
patent in a foreign country for an invention or utility model accomplished in China is required
to report to the State Intellectual Property Office, or SIPO, for confidentiality examination.
Otherwise, if an application is later filed in China, the patent right will not be granted.

– 78 –

