RISK FACTORS

performance. We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and
other known and unknown factors. If we do not address these risks and difficulties successfully,
our business will suffer.

We had net operating cash outflow and net liabilities during the Track Record Period.

We had net cash used in operating activities of RMB363.0 million, RMB492.3 million and
RMB342.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017 and the six months ended
June 30, 2018, respectively. We had net liabilities of RMB958.2 million, RMB1,622.1 million
and RMB1,573.9 million as of December 31, 2016 and 2017 and June 30, 2018, respectively.
While we believe we have sufficient working capital to fund our current operations, we expect
that we may experience net cash outflows from our operating activities and we may have net
liabilities for the foreseeable future. If we are unable to maintain adequate working capital, we
may default on our payment obligations and may not be able to meet our capital expenditure
requirements, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects.

We will need to obtain additional financing to fund our operations, and if we are unable
to obtain such financing, we may be unable to complete the development and
commercialization of our primary drug candidates.

Our drug candidates will require the completion of clinical development, regulatory
review, significant marketing efforts and substantial investment before they can provide us
with product sales revenue. Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since
inception. Our operating activities used RMB363.0 million, RMB492.3 million and RMB342.5
million of net cash during the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017 and the six months
ended June 30, 2018, respectively. We expect to continue to spend substantial amounts on drug
discovery, advancing the clinical development of our drug candidates, and launching and
commercializing any approved drug candidates for which we receive regulatory approval. Our
existing cash and cash equivalents and other financial assets may not be sufficient to enable us
to complete all the development of our drug candidates or commercially launch all of our
current drug candidates for the currently anticipated indications and to invest in additional
programs. Accordingly, we will require further funding through public or private offerings,
debt financing, collaboration and licensing arrangements or other sources. Our forecast of the
period of time through which our financial resources will be adequate to support our operations
is a forward-looking statement and involves risks and uncertainties, and actual results could
vary as a result of a number of factors, including the factors discussed elsewhere in this “Risk
Factors” section. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and
we could exhaust our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Our future
funding requirements will depend on many factors, including:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

the progress, timing, scope and costs of our clinical trials, including the ability to
timely enroll patients in our planned and potential future clinical trials;

the outcome, timing and cost of regulatory approvals of our drug candidates;

– 55 –

