FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Funding for Our Operations

During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017 and the six months ended June 30,
2018, we funded our operations primarily through bank loans and equity financing. Going
forward, in the event of a successful commercialization of one or more of our drug candidates,
we expect
to fund our operations in part with revenue generated from sale of our
commercialized drug products. However, with the continuing expansion of our business we
may require further funding through public or private offerings, debt financing, collaboration
and licensing arrangements or other sources. Any fluctuation in our ability to fund our
operations will impact our cash flow plan and our results of operations.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based
on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles that conform with IFRSs issued by the IASB. The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses. We evaluate our estimates and
judgments on an ongoing basis, and our actual results may differ from these estimates. We base
our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events, contractual milestones and
other various factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of
which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources.

Our most critical accounting policies and estimates are summarized below. See note 4 and
note 5 to the Accountants’ Report set out in Appendix I for a description of our significant
accounting policies.

Revenue Recognition and Contract Liabilities

Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified in a contract with a customer
and excludes amounts collected on behalf of third parties. We recognize revenue when it
transfers control of a product or service to a customer.

Research and Development Service Fee Income

During the Track Record Period, we primarily earn revenues by providing research

services to our customers through fee-for-service contracts.

Upfront payments received by us are initially recognized as a contract liability. Services
revenue is recognized as a performance obligation satisfied over time based on the stage of
completion of a contract. We use cost incurred to date as an input method to measure progress
towards complete satisfaction of these performance obligations under IFRS 15.

– 319 –

