RISK FACTORS

successful product liability claim or series of claims is brought against us for uninsured
liabilities or in excess of insured liabilities, our assets may not be sufficient to cover such
claims and our business operations could be impaired. Should any of these events occur, it
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations.

We are subject to the risks of doing business globally.

Because we intend to do business outside of China, our business is subject to risks
associated with doing business globally. Accordingly, our business and financial results in the
future could be adversely affected due to a variety of factors, including: changes in a specific
country’s or region’s political and cultural climate or economic condition; unexpected changes
in or failure to comply with laws and regulatory requirements in local jurisdictions; differences
between national and local practice with respect to laws and regulatory requirements in a
specific jurisdiction; difficulty of effective enforcement of contractual provisions in local
jurisdictions; concerns of local governments and regulators on our research and trial sites and
on the relevant management arrangements;
inadequate intellectual property protection in
certain countries; enforcement of anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, such as the FCPA;
trade-protection measures,
such as Export
Administration Regulations promulgated by the United States Department of Commerce and
fines, penalties or suspension or revocation of export privileges; the effects of applicable local
tax regimes,
royalties and other payment obligations owed to local governments, and
potentially adverse tax consequences; and significant adverse changes in local currency
exchange rates.

licensing requirements

import or

export

if not all of our drug candidates ourselves, and we intend to
We manufacture most
manufacture most if not all of any approved drug candidates ourselves as well. Delays in
completing and receiving regulatory approvals for our manufacturing facilities, or damage
to, destruction of or interruption of production at such facilities, could delay our
development plans or commercialization efforts.

We currently have manufacturing facilities in Suzhou, China and are building additional
manufacturing facilities in the same building to expand our manufacturing capacity. These
facilities may encounter unanticipated delays and expenses due to a number of factors,
including regulatory requirements. If construction, regulatory evaluation and/or approval of
our new facilities is delayed, we may not be able to manufacture sufficient quantities of our
drug candidates and our drugs,
if approved, which would limit our development and
commercialization activities and our opportunities for growth. Cost overruns associated with
constructing or maintaining our facilities could require us to raise additional funds from other
sources.

Our manufacturing facilities will be subject to ongoing, periodic inspection by the NMPA,
FDA, EMA or other comparable regulatory agencies to ensure compliance with GMP
regulations. Our failure to follow and document our adherence to such GMP regulations or
other regulatory requirements may lead to significant delays in the availability of products for

– 102 –

