WAIVERS FROM COMPLIANCE WITH THE LISTING RULES AND EXEMPTIONS FROM

THE COMPANIES (WINDING UP AND MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS) ORDINANCE

(c)

relevant training taken and/or to be taken in addition to the minimum requirement
under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules; and

(d)

professional qualifications in other jurisdictions.

Our Company appointed Yanju Wang and Lok Yee Chan of Vistra Corporate Services
(HK) Limited as joint company secretaries of our Company on June 4, 2018. Lok Yee Chan is
an associate member of the Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries and therefore meets
the qualification requirements under Note 1 to Rule 3.28 of the Listing Rules and is in
compliance with Rule 8.17 of the Listing Rules.

Ms. Yanju Wang, aged 29, was appointed as our joint company secretary on June 4, 2018.
She joined the Group in October 2015 as Executive Assistant. Her main responsibilities include
managing company documents,
revising institutional processes, organizing board and
management meetings, and taking charge of the company’s foreign investment and industrial
registration. Prior to joining the Group, Ms. Wang worked as an analyst at Boshi Automobile
Parts (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. (博世汽車零部件(蘇州)有限公司) from 2014 to 2015.

Ms. Wang received her Bachelor in Management degree from the Nanjing University of
Posts and Telecommunications in June 2012 and her Master of Economics degree from Jiangsu
University in June 2015. She obtained an accounting qualification certificate in August 2014
and a banking qualification certificate in October 2014.

Ms. Lok Yee Chan, aged 28, was appointed as our joint company secretary on June 4,
2018. She joined Vistra Corporate Services (HK) Limited in 2016 and is an Assistant Manager
of Corporate Services. Ms. Chan has over four years of experience in providing a full range of
company secretarial and compliance services and is currently serving a portfolio of clients
including public listed companies and private companies.

Ms. Chan obtained a Bachelor of Arts from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University in
October 2011 and a Master of Science in Professional Accounting and Corporate Governance
in July 2015 from City University of Hong Kong.

She has been an associate member of The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries
and an associate member of The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators in United
Kingdom since 2015.

Accordingly, while Yanju Wang does not possess the formal qualifications required of a
company secretary under Rule 3.28 of the Listing Rules, we have applied to the Stock
Exchange for, and the Stock Exchange has granted, a waiver from strict compliance with the
requirements under Rules 3.28 and 8.17 of the Listing Rules such that Ms. Wang may be
appointed as a joint company secretary of our Company.

– 120 –

