APPENDIX IV

STATUTORY AND GENERAL INFORMATION

Name

Qualification

Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu

Certified public accountants

Frost & Sullivan
(Beijing) Inc.,
Shanghai Branch Co.

Industry consultant

As of the Latest Practicable Date, none of the experts named above has any shareholding
interest in our Company or any of our subsidiaries or the right (whether legally enforceable or
not) to subscribe for or to nominate persons to subscribe for securities in any member of our
Group.

5.

Binding Effect

This prospectus shall have the effect, if an application is made in pursuance hereof, of
rendering all persons concerned bound by all the provisions (other than the penal provisions)
of sections 44A and 44B of the Companies Ordinance so far as applicable.

6.

Bilingual Prospectus

The English language and Chinese language versions of this prospectus are being
published separately in reliance upon the exemption provided by section 4 of the Companies
Ordinance (Exemption of Companies and Prospectuses from Compliance with Provisions)
Notice (Chapter 32L of the Laws of Hong Kong).

7.

Preliminary Expenses

The Company did not incur any material preliminary expenses.

8. Other Disclaimers

(a)

Save as disclosed in this prospectus, within the two years immediately preceding the
date of this prospectus:

(i)

no share or loan capital or debenture of our Company or any of our subsidiaries
has been issued or agreed to be issued or is proposed to be issued for cash or
as fully or partly paid other than in cash or otherwise;

(ii) no share or loan capital of our Company or any of our subsidiaries is under
option or is agreed conditionally or unconditionally to be put under option; and

(iii) no commissions, discounts, brokerages or other special

terms have been
granted or agreed to be granted in connection with the issue or sale of any share
or loan capital of our Company or any of our subsidiaries.

(b) Save as disclosed in this prospectus:

(i)

there are no founder, management or deferred shares nor any debentures in our
Company or any of our subsidiaries;

– IV-47 –

