REGULATIONS

To manufacture pharmaceutical products in China, a pharmaceutical manufacturing
enterprise must first obtain a Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Permit issued by the competent
pharmaceutical administration authorities at the provincial level. Among other things, such a
permit sets forth the permit number, the name, legal representative and registered address of
the enterprise, the site and scope of production, issuing institution, date of issuance and
effective period.

Each Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Permit issued to a pharmaceutical manufacturing
enterprise is effective for a period of five years. Any enterprise holding a Pharmaceutical
Manufacturing Permit is subject to review by the relevant regulatory authorities on an annual
basis. Such enterprise is required to apply for renewal of such permit within six months prior
to its expiry and will be subject to re-assessment by the issuing authorities in accordance with
the then effective legal and regulatory requirements for the purposes of such renewal.

(cid:129)

GMP Certificates

The World Health Organization encourages the adoption of good manufacturing practice,
or GMP, standards in pharmaceutical production in order to minimize the risks involved in any
pharmaceutical production that cannot be eliminated by testing the final products.

including, among others,

A GMP certification certifies that a manufacturer’s factory and quality management
system have met certain criteria for engaging in the planning and manufacturing of drug
products in various aspects,
institution and staff qualifications,
production premises and facilities, equipment, production management, quality controls,
production operation, maintenance of sales records and management of customer complaints
and adverse event reports. In January 2011, the Ministry of Health, or MOH, issued an updated
set of GMP standards (《藥品生產質量管理規範》), also known as the new GMP, to replace
the previous version issued in 1998. There are also five annexes to the new GMP issued by the
China Food and Drug Administration in February 2011, with detailed requirements for the
manufacturing of sterile drugs, APIs, biologics, blood products and traditional Chinese
medicines.

Drug Operation

The State Food and Drug Administration promulgated the Measures

the
(《藥品經營許可證管理辦法》) on
Administration of Pharmaceutical Operation Permit
February 4, 2004 and amended on November 17, 2017, which provides the application
procedures and requirements for the Pharmaceutical Operation Permit.

for

Pursuant

for

to the Administrative Measures

the Supervision of Circulation of
Pharmaceuticals (《藥品流通監督管理辦法》), promulgated by the State Food and Drug
Administration in 2007, pharmaceutical enterprises shall be responsible for the quality of
pharmaceuticals they manufacture, operate or use. A pharmaceutical enterprise shall be
responsible for its purchase or sale of pharmaceuticals, including activities carried out by its
staff on its behalf, and it shall not store or sell, pharmaceuticals at a place other than the

– 176 –

