BUSINESS

Current Treatments and Limitations

The current standard of care for the treatment of wet AMD is administration by
intravitreal
injection of anti-VEGF drugs as a standalone therapy. The anti-VEGF drugs
approved for the treatment of wet AMD in China include Lucentis, Langmu and Eylea. In
addition, Lucentis and Eylea were approved for the treatment of wet AMD in U.S., while
Avastin is also used off-label for this disease.

According to the American Academy of Ophthalmology, the use of anti-VEGF agents will
likely reduce the odds of blindness from wet AMD and could theoretically reduce the rate of
blindness by up to 70% over two years. However, longer-term follow-up studies from the
population originally treated with regular anti-VEGF agents suggest that these gains in visual
acuity are largely lost in two-thirds of patients followed for over seven years.

Advantages

We believe that IBI-302 has the following potential competitive advantages:

Inhibition of two pathways leading to wet AMD

All currently approved anti-VEGF antibody drugs are mono-specific antibodies and they
may only be able to relieve the symptoms of wet AMD but may not tackle the root cause of
the disease. In comparison, IBI-302 targets both VEGF and complement proteins and,
therefore, is potentially capable of curing the disease in addition to relieving the symptoms. In
addition, we believe that IBI-302 also has the potential for meeting the unmet medical needs
for the treatment of certain other ocular disease indications such as dry AMD, for which the
root cause is also believed to be complement proteins. Furthermore, we believe that IBI-302’s
bi-specificity allows it to achieve comparable clinical results with a single treatment that would
otherwise require two separate treatments (two vitreal injections) with combination therapies
that block the same two targets.

We completed in vitro studies comparing the cell-based bioactivity of IBI-302 to that of
anti-VEGF blockers aflibercept (Zaltrap) and bevacizumab (Avastin) and to complement
receptor 1 (CR1). The results of these studies are shown in the following figure. These studies
demonstrate two aspects of cell based bioactivity of IBI-302. In the left panel of the following
figure, the ability of IBI-302 to inhibit the VEGF induced proliferation of human umbilical
vein endothelial cells is shown. The antiproliferative effect induced by VEGF binding is
similar to that of Zaltrap, a VEGF receptor trap, and is greater than that of Avastin (a VEGF
antibody). In the middle and right panels of the following figure, the ability of IBI-302 to block
both the classical and the alternative complement pathway is shown. The potency of IBI-302
in blocking complement cascade induced destruction of red blood cells is as potent as that of
native complement receptor 1 (CR1). IBI-301 (anti-CD20 antibody) is used as a negative
control in these studies demonstrating that an unrelated immunoglobin does not block red cell
destruction.

– 272 –

