(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

REGULATIONS

The applicant will first submit its application materials including clinical research
report and relevant supporting documents to the drug regulatory authorities at the
provincial level and, at the same time, submit raw materials used for the production
for the new drug, related research data and product samples to the PRC National
Institutes for Food and Drug Control, or the NIFDC.

the provincial

The drug regulatory authority at
level will review the relevant
documents for formalities and if relevant requirements are satisfied, it will issue a
notice of acceptance and, within five days thereafter, start conducting site
inspections. The drug regulatory authority at
issue a
preliminary opinion and collect samples of the new drug (if it is not a biological
product) and notify the relevant drug control
institute to review the medicine
standards.

the provincial

level will

The drug regulatory authority at
their
preliminary opinion, inspection report and applicant’s application materials to the
Center for Drug Evaluation and notify the applicant of the progress.

the provincial

then submit

level will

The drug control institute will review the medicine standards and report its opinion
to the CDE and send a copy of the opinion to the applicant.

After receiving the application materials, the CDE will arrange for pharmaceutical,
medical or other professionals to conduct a technical review on the application
materials and request for supplemental materials and explanations, if necessary.
After completion of the technical review and if all the requirements are met, the
CDE will report to the Certification Center of the NMPA and notify the applicant
that it may apply for a production site inspection within six months thereafter.

The Certification Center of the NMPA will arrange an on-site inspection of the
facilities for the mass production of the new drug within 30 days after receiving the
application to confirm the feasibility of the manufacturing process. The Certification
Center of the NMPA will also collect one batch of samples (or three batches of
samples if the new drug is a biological product) for the relevant drug control
institute to examine. The Certification Center of the NMPA will prepare an
inspection report within ten days after the production site inspection and submit the
report to the CDE.

The drug control institute will examine the sample(s) under the reviewed medicine
standards, prepare a report after completing the examination and submit the report
to the CDE. A copy of the report will be available to the applicant; and

The CDE will form a comprehensive opinion based on the technical opinion
previously received, the report on production site inspection and the result of sample
examination, and will submit
the comprehensive opinion and the application
materials to the NMPA.

– 174 –

