APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Research and development expenditure

Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development phase

of an internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;

the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to
use or sell the intangible asset; and

the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its
development.

The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure incurred
from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally-
generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is recognised in profit or loss in the period
in which it is incurred.

Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less accumulated
amortisation and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired
separately.

An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from use
or disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the difference between
the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is
derecognised.

Impairment on tangible and intangible assets

At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible assets with finite
useful lives to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any
such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of
the impairment loss, if any.

When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an asset individually, the Group estimates the
recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. Where a reasonable and consistent basis
of allocation can be identified, corporate assets are also allocated to individual cash-generating units, or otherwise
they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis
can be identified.

Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in
use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects
current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a cash-generating unit)
for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. In
allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill
(if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit.
The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if
measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have
been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit. An impairment loss is recognised
immediately in profit or loss.

– I-18 –

