APPENDIX IV

STATUTORY AND GENERAL INFORMATION

3.

RS PLAN

(a) Summary

The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Innovent Biologics, Inc. 2018
Restricted Share Plan (i.e. the RS Plan), as approved by the Shareholders on October 15, 2018.
The terms of the RS Plan are not subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules
as the RS Plan will not involve the grant of options by us to subscribe for ordinary shares with
a par value of US$0.00001 each once we have become a listed issuer. 55,907,535 Shares will
be issued by the Company within two years of the Listing for distribution of Shares
corresponding to Restricted Shares.

As of the Latest Practicable Date, our Company had not identified any grantee under the

RS Plan.

(b) Purpose

The purpose of the RS Plan is to enable the directors, officers, and other key contributors
and employees of the Group to share the success of the Company, in order to assure a closer
identification of the interests of such persons with those of the Group and stimulate the efforts
of such persons on the Group’s behalf.

(c) Restricted Shares

An Award represents a grant of restricted shares (“Restricted Shares”) to the grantees
(the “Grantees”). Each Restricted Share shall represent the right to receive one Share (subject
to any adjustment in accordance with the terms of the RS Plan due to changes of share capital
of our Company) upon vesting. The number of Shares that are subject to outstanding awards
of Restricted Shares granted under the RS Plan (the “Awards” and each of them, an Award) at
any time shall not exceed the aggregate number of Restricted Shares that then remain available
for distribution under the RS Plan. The grant of an Award to a Grantee shall be documented by
and subject to an award agreement, in which the terms and conditions of the Award determined
by the Committee shall be set out.

(d) Administration

The term of the RS Plan shall be ten (10) years from the date of approval and adoption
of the RS Plan by the Board. The RS Plan shall be administered by a committee as designated
by the Board from time to time (the “Committee”). Any decisions of the Committee shall be
approved by the majority of the members of the Committee.

– IV-40 –

