RISK FACTORS

In addition, according to the Social Insurance Law implemented on July 1, 2011 and other
applicable PRC regulations, any employer operating in China must open social insurance
registration accounts and contribute social insurance premium for its employees. Any failure
to make timely and adequate contribution of social insurance premium for its employees may
trigger an order of correction from competent authority requiring the employer to make up the
full contribution of such overdue social insurance premium within a specified period of time,
and the competent authority may further impose fines or penalties. In the ordinary course of
our business, we have failed to comply with such regulations involving, in the aggregate, an
immaterial amount. As of the Latest Practicable Date, we have not received any order of
correction or any fines or penalties from the competent authority and also have not received
any complaint or labor arbitration application from any of our employees, in each case as a
result of any such failure. However, we cannot assure you that the competent authority will not
require us to rectify any non-compliance by making contribution of overdue social insurance
premium or to pay any overdue fine or penalty related thereto.

We may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to
fund any cash and financing requirements we may have, and any limitation on the ability of
our PRC subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material and adverse effect on
our ability to conduct our business.

We are a holding company incorporated as an exempted company in the Cayman Islands,
and we may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries
for our cash and financing requirements, including the funds necessary to pay dividends and
other cash distributions to our shareholders or to service any debt we may incur. If any of our
PRC subsidiaries incur debt on its own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt
may restrict its ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. Under PRC laws and
regulations, our PRC subsidiaries may pay dividends only out of their respective accumulated
profits as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. In
addition, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise is required to set aside at
least 10% of its
accumulated after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a certain statutory reserve fund, until
the aggregate amount of such fund reaches 50% of its registered capital. Such reserve funds
cannot be distributed to us as dividends. At its discretion, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise
may allocate a portion of its after-tax profits based on PRC accounting standards to an
enterprise expansion fund, or a staff welfare and bonus fund. In addition, registered share
capital and capital reserve accounts are also restricted from withdrawal in China, up to the
amount of net assets held in each operating subsidiary.

Our PRC subsidiaries are expected to generate substantially all of their revenue from
sales of our future approved drug candidates in RMB, which is not freely convertible into other
currencies. As a result, any restriction on currency exchange may limit the ability of our PRC
subsidiaries to use their RMB revenues to pay dividends to us.

In response to the persistent capital outflow in China and RMB’s depreciation against the
U.S. dollar in the fourth quarter of 2016, People’s Bank of China, or PBOC, and the SAFE
promulgated a series of capital control measures, including stricter vetting procedures for
domestic companies to remit foreign currency for overseas investments, dividends payments
and shareholder loan repayments.

– 109 –

