BUSINESS

Our shareholders consist of well-known global and Chinese institutional investors and
biotech-focused investment funds, including but not limited to Eight Roads, F-Prime, Lilly
Asia Ventures, Temasek, State Development & Investment Corporation, Legend Capital,
Hillhouse Capital, Ping An, China Life, Taikang, Shanghai Milestone, Capital Group Private
Markets, Cormorant Asset Management, Rock Springs and Ally Bridge Group.

OUR STRATEGIES

Expedite regulatory approval and commercialization of our lead product candidates

The NDA for our PD-1 antibody, sintilimab (IBI-308), was accepted by the NMPA on
April 16, 2018 and was granted priority review status on April 23, 2018. We plan to focus our
resources on rapidly delivering sintilimab to patients. We are currently building and expect to
have a 250-member commercialization team by the time we receive marketing approval for
sintilimab in China. We plan to double that size to a 500-member commercialization team in
anticipation of the increased market demand for sintilimab and prior to the commercial launch
of our first biosimilar drug candidate in China. We recently hired a chief commercial officer,
Mr. Min Liu, to manage our sales, marketing and market access operations. Mr. Liu was
formerly a member of Roche Global Oncology Franchise Leadership Team and vice president
and head of one of Roche’s two oncology business units in China in charge of leading the
marketing and sales efforts for products in the fields of lung cancer, gastrointestinal cancer and
hematology. In his role as our chief commercial officer, Mr. Liu is supported by key
commercialization leadership members who have substantial experience and a strong
performance track record commercializing those biological drug products relevant
to our
pipeline drug candidates at leading multinational and domestic pharmaceutical companies. We
believe that our experienced commercialization team is highly competitive and can leverage
our co-branding arrangement with Eli Lilly for sintilimab and IBI-301 in China, tapping into
Eli Lilly’s in-depth knowledge of, and long-term institutional relationships in, the China
market to strengthen our competitive position in the market.

Rapidly advance our clinical programs for pipeline products

We plan to maximize the commercial potential of our PD-1 antibody, sintilimab, by
exploring additional indications, such as hepatic cellular cancer, colorectal cancer, renal cell
cancer, and gynecological cancer, among others. These will be in addition to our current studies
for sintilimab in patients with classical Hodgkin’s lymphoma, melanoma, gastrointestinal
cancer, gastric cancer, esophageal cancer, NSCLC, and NK/T-cell lymphoma. At the same time,
we are working to advance the other six drug candidates that we currently have in clinical
development to the market approval stage as rapidly as possible. We will also continue to
develop products from our pre-clinical pipeline with the aim of advancing one or more
additional new products into clinical trials each year. We will devote particular attention to the
discovery and development of bi-specific drugs that we believe will be more effective and have
fewer side-effects than existing therapies. In addition, we plan to conduct more clinical trials
for combination treatments based on sintilimab, particularly where we can combine another
drug candidate in our pipeline with sintilimab. We plan to leverage our experience in designing
clinical studies, our local knowledge and our extensive collaboration with investigators to
develop new drug candidates in the fields of oncology, ophthalmology, and autoimmune and
metabolic diseases.

– 223 –

