BUSINESS

Key terms of an agreement we typically enter into with our CROs are summarized as

below:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

Services. The CRO provides us with services related to a pre-clinical or clinical
research project as specified in the agreement or a work order.

Term. The CRO is required to complete the pre-clinical or clinical research project
within the prescribed time limit.

Payments. We are required to make payments to the CRO in accordance with the
payment schedule agreed by the parties.

Intellectual property rights. We own all intellectual property rights arising from the
pre-clinical or clinical research project.

Risk allocation. Each party should indemnify the other party for losses caused by its
fault or gross negligence. If the research fails due to unresolvable technical
difficulties or otherwise due to circumstances beyond control, the parties should
negotiate how to allocate the losses resulting from such failure.

We believe our strength in recruiting clinical trial participants and our ability to conduct
large, high-quality clinical trials enable us to reduce our drug development timelines by
generating the requisite data reliably and efficiently. Supported by our CROs and our
geographically diverse hospital partners, we are able to recruit specialized populations for
otherwise difficult-to-recruit clinical trials. We have the expertise and experience in recruiting
for and conducting trials involving a variety of
therapeutic areas including oncology,
ophthalmology, and autoimmune and metabolic diseases.

The clinical development function also manages the regulatory submission process for
our drug candidates, which require filings to be made to and approved by the relevant
authorities before clinical
trials and commercialization can be initiated. The clinical
development function prepare and manage regulatory filings by drafting filing dossiers,
addressing regulatory questions and conducting GMP readiness assessments for our drug
candidates. We possess extensive knowledge and experience with regard to regulatory filings
in China and the United States.

The clinical development function also includes the translational medicine function which

produces biomarkers and diagnostics for our clinical trials.

Our clinical development function is comprised of a clinical strategy department and a
clinical research and operation department. The clinical strategy department, which consists of
55 members as of the Latest Practicable Date, is led by Mr. Kerry L. Blanchard, M.D., Ph.D.,
our Chief Science Officer. Dr. Blanchard received a B.S. in chemistry, a Ph.D. in biochemistry
and a M.D. from Indiana University. He completed a residency in Internal Medicine and
fellowships in Hematology and Medical Oncology at the Brigham and Women’s Hospital, the
Dana Farber Cancer Center and Harvard Medical School. Dr. Blanchard was previously Senior
Vice President in China Medicines Development Unit and External Innovation of Lilly China
and has more than 18 years of leading drug discovery and drug development experience. The
clinical research and operation department, which consists of 113 members as of the Latest

– 299 –

