APPENDIX IV

STATUTORY AND GENERAL INFORMATION

Dividends. No Grantee shall receive any payment with respect

to the outstanding
Restricted Shares under the Awards in the event the Company pays any dividend on the
underlying Shares until such Restricted Shares become fully vested (provided always that the
Grantees shall not be entitled to receive any dividend declared and distributed with respect to
the Restricted Shares prior to the vesting of the same), unless otherwise provided in the Award
Agreement. The Company may in its discretion implement mechanisms intended to reduce the
costs associated with the dividend distributions.

Death. Each Grantee to whom an Award has been made under the RS Plan may designate
a Grantee or beneficiaries to receive any vested Award or any payment under any Award
payable on or after the Grantee’s death. Such designation shall not be effective until received
by the Committee.

Creditors’ rights. With respect to any Award and any payments in cash, Shares or other
consideration not received by a Grantee, a Grantee shall have no rights greater than those of
a general creditor of the Company unless the Committee shall otherwise expressly determine
in connection with any Award or Awards.

(i)

Tax withholding

Each Grantee shall, no later than the date as of which the value of an Award or other
amounts received thereunder first becomes includable in the gross income of the Grantee for
income tax purposes, pay to the Company or other applicable employer, or make arrangements
satisfactory to the Committee regarding payment of, any national, federal, state, or local taxes
of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to such income. The Company and its
subsidiaries shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to (i) deduct any such taxes
from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Grantee or (ii) procure the sale of all or
part of the Shares to satisfy the Grantee’s obligations.

E. OTHER INFORMATION

1.

Estate Duty

Our Directors have been advised that no material liability for estate duty is likely to fall

on our Company or any of our subsidiaries.

2.

Litigation

Save as disclosed in this prospectus and so far as our Directors are aware, no litigation
or claim of material importance is pending or threatened against any member of our Group.

– IV-45 –

