DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Corporate Governance Code

Pursuant to code provision A.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code, companies listed on
the Stock Exchange are expected to comply with, but may choose to deviate from the
requirement that the responsibilities between the chairman and the chief executive officer
should be segregated and should not be performed by the same individual. We do not have
separate chairman and chief executive officer and Dr. Yu currently performs these two roles.
Our Board believes that vesting the roles of both chairman and chief executive officer in the
same person has the benefit of ensuring consistent leadership within our Group and enables
more effective and efficient overall strategic planning for our Group. Our Board considers that
the balance of power and authority for the present arrangement will not be impaired and this
structure will enable our Company to make and implement decisions promptly and effectively.
Our Board will continue to review and consider splitting the roles of chairman of our Board
and the chief executive officer of our Company at a time when it is appropriate by taking into
account the circumstances of our Group as a whole.

We aim to implement a high standard of corporate governance, which is crucial to
safeguard the interests of our Shareholders. To accomplish this, we expect to comply with the
Corporate Governance Code (other than the code provision A.2.1 mentioned above) after the
Listing.

COMPLIANCE ADVISER

We have appointed Guotai Junan Capital Limited as our compliance adviser (the
“Compliance Adviser”) pursuant to Rule 3A.19 of the Listing Rules. Our Compliance Adviser
will provide us with guidance and advice as to compliance with the Listing Rules and
applicable Hong Kong laws. Pursuant to Rule 3A.23 of the Listing Rules, our Compliance
Adviser will advise our Company in certain circumstances including:

(a)

before the publication of any regulatory announcement, circular, or financial report;

(b) where a transaction, which might be a notifiable or connected transaction,

is

contemplated, including share issues and share repurchases;

(c) where we propose to use the proceeds of the Global Offering in a manner different
from that detailed in this prospectus or where the business activities, development
or results of our Group deviate from any forecast, estimate or other information in
this prospectus; and

(d) where the Stock Exchange makes an inquiry to our Company regarding unusual
movements in the price or trading volume of its listed securities or any other matters
in accordance with Rule 13.10 of the Listing Rules.

The term of appointment of our Compliance Adviser shall commence on the Listing Date.

COMPETITION

Each of our Directors confirms that, as of the Latest Practicable Date, he or she did not
have any interest in a business which competes or is likely to compete, directly or indirectly,
with our business and that disclosure is required under Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.

– 381 –

