APPENDIX I

Credit risk

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in

financial loss to the Group.

In order to minimise credit risk, the Group has tasked its finance team to develop and maintain the
Group’s credit risk gradings to categorise exposures according to their degree of risk of default. Management
uses publicly available financial information and the Group’s own historical repayment records to rate other
debtors. The Group’s exposure and the credit ratings of its counterparties are continuously monitored and the
aggregate value of transactions concluded is spread amongst approved counterparties.

The Group’s current credit risk grading framework comprises the following categories:

Category

Description

Basis for recognising
expected credit losses

Performing

The counterparty has a low risk of default and does not

12-months ECL

have any past due amounts

Doubtful

Amount is >30 days past due or there has been a

significant increase in credit risk since initial
recognition

Lifetime ECL –

not credit-impaired

in default

Amount is >90 days past due or there is evidence

indicating the asset is credit-impaired

Lifetime ECL –

credit-impaired

Write-off

There is evidence indicating that the debtor is in severe

Amount is written off

financial difficulty and the Group has no realistic
prospect of recovery

Note 19 details the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk for subscription receivables for restricted
shares, receivables due from share options holders, receivables for Preferred Shares and other loans and their
measurement bases used to determine expected credit losses.

The credit risk on liquid funds of the Group is limited because the counterparties are banks with high

credit ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies.

Liquidity risk

In the management of liquidity risk, the Group’s management monitors and maintains a level of cash
and cash equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the
effects of fluctuations in cash flows. In addition, the management monitors the utilisation of borrowings, and
renews the borrowings upon expiry based on the actual operation requirement of the Group. The Group relies
on bank borrowings and other financial liabilities as a significant source of liquidity.

As at 31 December 2016 and 2017 and 30 June 2018, the Group has bank borrowings of approximately
RMB500,000,000, RMB510,000,000 and RMB697,000,000, respectively and details of which are set out in
note 26. In addition, the Group issued Series E Preferred Shares to independent investors during January to
April 2018, in which the earliest redemption dates of all previous issued Preferred Shares has also been
extended to 2025. The directors of the Company are satisfied that the Group and the Company will have
sufficient financial resource to meet its financial obligation as they fall due for the foreseeable future after
taking into account of the aforesaid proceeds from the Preferred Shares and extension of earliest redemption
dates of all previous issued Preferred Shares. Accordingly, the Historical Financial Information has been
prepared on a going concern basis.

The following table details remaining contractual maturity of the Group and the Company for the
Preferred Shares designated as at FVTPL, gross obligation from Share Purchase Options written designated as
at FVTPL of the Group and Share Purchase Options of the Company which has been drawn up based on the
undiscounted cash flows based on the earliest date on which the Group and the Company can be required to
pay. The table includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are variable rate,
the undiscounted amount is derived from weighted average interest rate at the end of each reporting period.

– I-62 –

