APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF THE CONSTITUTION OF THE
COMPANY AND CAYMAN COMPANIES LAW

2.15 Proxies

Any member of the Company entitled to attend and vote at a meeting of the Company
shall be entitled to appoint another person who must be an individual as his proxy to attend and
vote instead of him and a proxy so appointed shall have the same right as the member to speak
at the meeting. A proxy need not be a member of the Company.

Instruments of proxy shall be in common form or in such other form as the Directors may
from time to time approve provided that it shall enable a member to instruct his proxy to vote
in favour of or against (or in default of instructions or in the event of conflicting instructions,
to exercise his discretion in respect of) each resolution to be proposed at the meeting to which
the form of proxy relates. The instrument of proxy shall be deemed to confer authority to vote
on any amendment of a resolution put to the meeting for which it is given as the proxy thinks
fit. The instrument of proxy shall, unless the contrary is stated therein, be valid as well for any
adjournment of the meeting as for the meeting to which it relates provided that the meeting was
originally held within 12 months from such date.

The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing under the hand of the appointor or
his attorney authorised in writing or if the appointor is a corporation either under its seal or
under the hand of an officer, attorney or other person authorised to sign the same.

The instrument appointing a proxy and (if required by the Directors) the power of
attorney or other authority (if any) under which it is signed, or a notarially certified copy of
such power or authority, shall be delivered at the registered office of the Company (or at such
other place as may be specified in the notice convening the meeting or in any notice of any
adjournment or, in either case, in any document sent therewith) not less than 48 hours before
the time appointed for holding the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the person named
in the instrument proposes to vote or, in the case of a poll taken subsequently to the date of
a meeting or adjourned meeting, not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for the taking
of the poll and in default the instrument of proxy shall not be treated as valid. No instrument
appointing a proxy shall be valid after the expiration of 12 months from the date named in it
as the date of its execution. Delivery of any instrument appointing a proxy shall not preclude
a member of the Company from attending and voting in person at the meeting or poll concerned
and, in such event, the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deemed to be revoked.

2.16 Calls on shares and forfeiture of shares

The Directors may from time to time make calls upon the members of the Company in
respect of any monies unpaid on their shares (whether on account of the nominal amount of the
shares or by way of premium or otherwise) and not by the conditions of allotment thereof made
payable at fixed times and each member of the Company shall (subject to the Company serving
upon him at least 14 days’ notice specifying the time and place of payment and to whom such
payment shall be made) pay to the person at the time and place so specified the amount called
on his shares. A call may be revoked or postponed as the Directors may determine. A person
upon whom a call is made shall remain liable on such call notwithstanding the subsequent
transfer of the shares in respect of which the call was made.

– III-15 –

