APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Fair value of other financial liabilities

The Company has issued Preferred Shares and has written put options over a subsidiary’s ordinary shares to
a group of investors during the Relevant Period as set out in note 28. The Group classified these financial instruments
as other financial liabilities at FVTPL in which no quoted prices in an active market exist. The fair value of the
financial instruments is established by using valuation techniques. These techniques include back-solve method and
adopted equity allocation model. Valuation techniques are certified by an independent and recognized international
business valuer before being implemented for valuation and are calibrated to ensure that outputs reflect market
conditions. Valuation models established by the valuer make the maximum use of market inputs and rely as little as
possible on the Group’s specific data. However, it should be noted that some inputs, such as fair value of the ordinary
shares of the Company, possibilities under different scenarios such as initial public offering,
liquidation and
redemption, and discount for lack of marketability, require management estimates. Management estimates and
assumptions are reviewed periodically and are adjusted if necessary. Should any of the estimates and assumptions
changed, it may lead to a change in the fair value of the other financial liabilities at FVTPL. The fair value of the
other financial liabilities at FVTPL as at 31 December 2016 and 2017 and 30 June 2018 are RMB2,896 million,
RMB3,051 million and RMB3,550 million, respectively.

6.

REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

Collaboration with Eli Lilly and Company (“Eli Lilly”)

(collectively,

In March 2015,

the Group entered into Exclusive License and Collaboration Agreement for China and
the “Lilly China Agreement”) with Eli Lilly, which governs the
Co-Development Agreement
development and commercialization activities concerning (1) IBI-301, a Rituxan biosimilar, and (2) sintilimab
(IBI-308), a Programmer Death 1 monoclonal antibody (collectively, the “China Products”) in the People’s Republic
of China (“PRC”), including Hong Kong and Macau, but excluding Taiwan. Under the Lilly China Agreement, the
Group will be responsible for developing and manufacturing each of the China Products and received an upfront
payment of US$36 million (approximately RMB223,855,000). The Group will own all
intellectual properties
generated in connection with the development of (i) the China Products and (ii) the unique cell lines for the China
Products.

The Group granted Eli Lilly an exclusive license (with the right to sublicense) under certain patents, know-how
and regulatory approvals to commercialize the China Products in the PRC. The Group also provided Eli Lilly a
non-exclusive license to certain trademarks in connection with Eli Lilly’s commercialization of the China Products
in the PRC and similarly received a non-exclusive license to Eli Lilly trademarks with the right to sublicense in
connection with possible commercialization of the China Products. The Group will co-promote IBI-301 and
sintilimab (IBI-308) in China per the agreement with Eli Lilly and will share profits and losses pertaining to
commercialization of IBI-301 and sintilimab (IBI-308) equally.

Under the Lilly China Agreement, a joint steering committee was established with equal representation from
each party to coordinate and oversee development and commercialization activities and decisions for the China
Products. In general, the Group have final decision-making authority concerning the development of the China
Products and Eli Lilly has final decision-making authority on commercialization decisions following regulatory
approval of the China Products except certain decisions over downsizing of development plan or increase the
development activities for sintilimab (IBI-308) require unanimous consent.

Revenue will be commenced to recognise over time upon the customer receives and consumes the benefits
during the commercialization stage. During each of the years ended 31 December 2016 and 2017 and the six months
ended 30 June 2017 and 2018, the Group received collaboration fee on development cost sharing of approximately
RMB28.9 million, RMB24.3 million, nil (unaudited) and RMB74.2 million, respectively. Since the periods between
the transfer of license and customer’s payments are, at contract inception, expected to be more than one year, the
Group concluded that the contract contains a significant financing component and 11% was used in adjusting for the
effect of time value of money over the promised amount of consideration and interest expenses recognised during
each of the years ended 31 December 2016 and 2017 and the six months ended 30 June 2017 and 2018, amounting
to RMB27.3 million, RMB32.3 million, RMB16.1 million (unaudited) and RMB20.5 million, respectively (note 9).
Both consideration received and interest expenses recognised are recorded under contract liabilities (note 25) at the
end of each reporting period.

License and research and development agreements with a customer

In January 2017, the Group entered into an agreement with a customer for licensing of patented technology
to them for development and up-front license fee of RMB10 million was received and upon the Group transfer the
control of rights to use of the patented technology to customer, the Group recorded up-front license fee as revenue
in 2017.

– I-26 –

