RISK FACTORS

required to accept unfavorable terms, including relinquishing or licensing to a third party on
unfavorable terms our rights to technologies or drug candidates that we otherwise would seek
to develop or commercialize ourselves or potentially reserve for future potential arrangements
when we might be able to achieve more favorable terms.

Fair value changes for our other financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit
and loss may materially affect our financial condition and results of operations.

To date, we have raised approximately US$562.0 million from private equity financing
through the issuance of convertible redeemable preferred shares and put options over our
subsidiary’s ordinary shares. We classified these financial
instruments as other financial
liabilities which are measured at fair value though profit and loss, or FVTPL. The fair value
of the financial instruments is established by using valuation techniques. These techniques
include back-solve method and adopted equity allocation model. Valuation techniques are
certified by an independent and recognized international business valuer before being
implemented for valuation and are calibrated to ensure that outputs reflect market conditions.
Valuation models established by the valuer make the maximum use of market inputs and rely
as little as possible on our specific data. However, it should be noted that some significant
unobservable inputs, such as fair value of our ordinary shares, possibilities under different
scenarios such as initial public offering, liquidation and redemption, and discount for lack of
marketability, require management estimates. Management estimates and assumptions are
reviewed periodically and are adjusted when necessary. Should any of the estimates and
assumptions change, it may lead to a change in the fair value of the other financial liabilities
at FVTPL. Although our preferred shares will be automatically converted to Shares upon the
closing of the Global Offering, to the extent we need to revalue the preferred shares prior to
the closing of the Global Offering, any change in fair value of these preferred shares could
materially affect our financial positions and performance. We recorded a loss on fair value
changes of other financial liabilities measured at FVTPL of RMB123.2 million and RMB51.0
million for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017, respectively, and recorded a gain on
the same of RMB448.8 million for the six months ended June 30, 2018. We expect to recognize
additional loss from the fair value changes of the preferred shares from June 30, 2018 to the
Listing Date. After the automatic conversion of all preferred shares into Shares upon the
closing of the Global Offering, we do not expect to recognize any further (loss) gain on fair
value changes from preferred shares in the future.

RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS

Risks Relating to Development of Our Product Pipeline

We depend substantially on the success of our drug candidates, all of which are in
pre-clinical or clinical development, and our ability to identify additional drug candidates.
If we are unable to successfully identify new drug candidates, complete clinical development,
obtain regulatory approval and commercialize our drug candidates, or experience significant
delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed.

– 57 –

