APPENDIX IV

STATUTORY AND GENERAL INFORMATION

amount and type of Ordinary Shares (or other securities or property) subject to any
outstanding Awards, (iii) the grant, purchase, exercise or base price of any outstanding
Awards, and (iv) the securities, cash or other property deliverable upon exercise or
vesting of any outstanding Awards, in each case to the extent necessary to preserve (but
not increase) the level of incentives intended by the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan and the
then-outstanding Awards.

(k) Amendment, termination and Suspension

The Board may, at any time, terminate or, from time to time, amend, modify or

suspend the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan, in whole or in part.

Except with respect to amendments made pursuant to the above, no amendment,
suspension or termination of the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan or amendment of any
outstanding Award shall, without written consent of the Participant, affect in any manner
materially adverse to the Participant any rights or benefits of
the Participant or
obligations of the Company under any Award granted under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive
Plan prior to the effective date of such change.

Outstanding options granted

The proposal to grant the options under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan to the grantees
as set out below has been approved by the Board. The overall limit on the number of underlying
Ordinary shares pursuant to the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan is 162,010,040 Ordinary shares.
The aggregate number of underlying Shares pursuant to the outstanding options and share
awards granted under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan is 71,910,000 Shares, representing
approximately 6.43% of the total issued Shares immediately following the completion of the
Global Offering, assuming the Over-allotment Option is not exercised and no shares are issued
pursuant to the Equity Plans. As at the Latest Practicable Date, we had conditionally granted
options to 322 participants under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan. These grantees primarily
consist of our current employees, and also include external consultants and ex-employees. All
the options under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan were granted between May 10, 2012 and
October 9, 2018 (both days inclusive) and the Company will not grant further options under the
Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan after the Global Offering. The exercise price of all the options
and share awards granted under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan is between US$0.017 and
US$1.342.

For the existing grantees who are our ex-employees, their employment with the Group
was not terminated for cause. Pursuant to the terms of the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan, these
grantees were required to exercise their options within 3 months of the date of cessation of their
employment with the Group (i.e. the Severance Date). In view of their contribution to the
Company, the Company has waived its right to terminate the outstanding options that remained
unexercised by these ex-employees after the 3-month period. The outstanding options held by
these ex-employees still remain valid as of the date of this prospectus.

– IV-27 –

