BUSINESS

day-to-day risk management practice. In order to formalize risk management across
our Group and set a common level of
transparency and risk management
performance, the relevant departments will (i) gather information about the risks
relating to their operation or function; (ii) conduct risk assessments, which include
the identification, prioritization, measurement and categorization of all key risks
that could potentially affect their objectives; (iii) prepare a risk management report
annually for our chief executive officer’s review; (iv) continuously monitor the key
risks relating to their operation or
implement appropriate risk
responses where necessary; and (vi) develop and maintain an appropriate
mechanism to facilitate the application of our risk management framework.

function;

(v)

We consider that our Directors and members of our senior management possess the
necessary knowledge and experience in providing good corporate governance oversight in
connection with risk management and internal control.

Internal Control

Our Board is responsible for establishing our internal control system and reviewing its
effectiveness. We have engaged an independent internal control consultant, or the Internal
Control Consultant, to perform certain agreed-upon procedures, or the Internal Control Review,
in connection with the internal control of our Company and our major operating subsidiaries
and to report factual findings on our Group’s entity-level controls and internal controls of
various processes, including financial reporting and disclosure controls, accounts receivable
management, procurement, accounts payable and payment, fixed assets management, human
resources and payroll management, cash and treasury management, inventory management,
general controls of
insurance
management, research and development and intangible assets management. The Internal
Control Consultant performed the Internal Control Review in April 2018 and a follow-up
review in May 2018. As of the Latest Practicable Date, there were no material outstanding
issues relating to our Group’s internal control.

taxation management, contract management,

IT system,

During the Track Record Period, we regularly reviewed and enhanced our internal control
system. Below is a summary of the internal control policies, measures and procedures we have
implemented or plan to implement:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

We have adopted various measures and procedures regarding each aspect of our
business operation, such as related party transaction, risk management, protection of
intellectual property, environmental protection and occupational health and safety.
For more information, see “– Intellectual Property” and “– Environmental Matters
and Workplace Safety.” We provide periodic training about these measures and
procedures to our employees as part of our employee training program. Our internal
audit department conducts audit field work to monitor the implementation of our
internal control policies, reports the weakness identified to our management and
audit committee and follows up on the rectification actions.

Our Directors (who are responsible for monitoring the corporate governance of our
Group) with help from our legal advisers, will also periodically review our
compliance status with all relevant laws and regulations after the Listing.

– 314 –

