APPENDIX IV

STATUTORY AND GENERAL INFORMATION

(b) Non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors

The non-executive Director has entered into an appointment letter with our Company on
October 15, 2018. The initial term for his appointment letter shall commence from the date of
his appointment and shall continue for three years after or until the third annual general
meeting of the Company since the Listing Date, whichever is sooner, (subject always to
re-election as and when required under the Articles of Association) until
terminated in
accordance with the terms and conditions of the appointment letter or by either party giving to
the other not less than three month’s prior notice in writing. Under the appointment letter, our
non-executive Director will receive an annual director’s fee of RMB360,000.

Each of the independent non-executive Directors has entered into an appointment letter
with our Company on October 16, 2018. The initial term for their appointment letters shall be
three years from the date of this prospectus or until the third annual general meeting of the
Company since the Listing Date, whichever is sooner, (subject always to re-election as and
when required under the Articles of Association) until terminated in accordance with the terms
and conditions of the appointment letter or by either party giving to the other not less than three
months’ prior notice in writing. Under these appointment letters, each of our independent
non-executive Directors will receive an annual director’s fee of RMB360,000.

2.

Remuneration of Directors

(a) Remuneration and benefits in kind of approximately RMB6.8 million and RMB7.7
million in aggregate were paid and granted by our Group to our Directors in respect
of the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017 respectively.

(b) Under the arrangements currently in force, our Directors will be entitled to receive
remuneration and benefits in kind which, for the year ending December 31, 2018, is
expected to be
(excluding
discretionary bonus).

approximately RMB112.0 million in aggregate

(c) None of our Directors has or is proposed to have a service contract with the
Company other than contracts expiring or determinable by the employer within one
year without the payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

– IV-17 –

