RISK FACTORS

if reimbursement

Increasingly,

third-party payors are requiring that companies provide them with
predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical
products. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any approved drug
candidate that we commercialize and,
the level of
reimbursement will be. Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any
approved drug candidate that we commercialize. Obtaining or maintaining reimbursement for
approved drug candidates may be particularly difficult because of the higher prices often
associated with drugs administered under the supervision of a physician. If reimbursement is
not available or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully
commercialize any drug candidate that we in-license or successfully develop.

is available, what

There may be significant delays in obtaining reimbursement

for approved drug
candidates, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the drug candidates
are approved by the NMPA, FDA, EMA or other comparable regulatory authorities. Moreover,
eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that any drug will be paid for in all cases or at a
rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution.
Interim payments for new drugs, if applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and
may not be made permanent. Payment rates may vary according to the use of the drug and the
clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on payments allowed for lower cost drugs that
are already reimbursed, and may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. Net
prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government
healthcare programs or private payors and by any future weakening of laws that presently
restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the
United States. Our inability to promptly obtain coverage and profitable payment rates from
both government-funded and private payors for any future approved drug candidates and any
new drugs that we develop could have a material adverse effect on our business, our operating
results, and our overall financial condition.

We intend to seek approval to market our drug candidates in China, the United States, the
European Union and in other jurisdictions. In both China and the European Union, the pricing
of drugs and biologics is subject to governmental control, which can take considerable time
even after obtaining regulatory approval. Market acceptance and sales of any of our future
approved drug candidates will depend significantly on the availability of adequate coverage
and reimbursement from third-party payors for drugs and may be affected by existing and
future health care reform measures.

The illegal and/or parallel imports and counterfeit pharmaceutical products may reduce
demand for our future approved drug candidates and could have a negative impact on our
reputation and business.

The illegal importation of competing products from countries where government price
controls or other market dynamics result in lower prices may adversely affect the demand for
our future approved drug candidates and,
in turn, may adversely affect our sales and
profitability in China and other countries where we commercialize our products. Unapproved
foreign imports of prescription drugs are illegal under current laws of China. However, illegal

– 71 –

