REGULATIONS

the scientific data, conclusions and information concerning drug safety and efficacy in order
to direct the safe and rational use of drugs. The inner label of a drug should bear information
such as the drug’s name, indication and function, strength, dose and usage, production date,
batch number, expiration date and drug manufacturer; and the outer label of a drug should
indicate information such as the drug’s name, ingredients, description, indication or function,
strength, dose and usage and adverse event.

(cid:129)

Packaging of Drug Products

According to the Measures for the Administration of Drug Packaging (《藥品包裝管理辦
法》) effective in 1988, drug packaging must comply with the national and professional
standards. If no national or professional standards are available, an enterprise can formulate its
own standards and put into implementation after obtaining the approval of the food and drug
administration bureau at provincial level. Such enterprise must reapply with the relevant
authorities if it needs to change its own packaging standards. Pharmaceuticals that have not
developed or received approval for, packing standards must not be sold or traded its drugs in
China (except for drugs for the military).

Animal Testing Permits

According to the Regulations for the Administration of Affairs Concerning Laboratory
(《實驗動物管理條例》) promulgated by the State Science and Technology
Animals
Commission in November 1988 as latest amended in March 2017, and Administrative
Measures on the Certificate for Animal Experimentation (Trial) (《實驗動物許可證管理辦法
(試行)》) promulgated by the State Science and Technology Commission and other regulatory
authorities in 2001, performing experimentation on animals requires a certificate for use of
laboratory animals.

Coverage and Reimbursement

Historically, Chinese patients paid most of their health-care expenses by themselves,
which has limited the growth of sales of more expensive pharmaceutical products. However,
in recent years the number of people whose medical expenses are reimbursable by government
and commercial insurance schemes has increased. The PRC government has announced a plan
to give every person in China access to basic healthcare by 2020.

Reimbursement under the national medical insurance program

The national medical insurance program was adopted pursuant to the Decision of the State
Council on the Establishment of the Urban Employee Basic Medical Insurance Program (《國
務院關於建立城鎮職工基本醫療保險制度的決定》) issued by the State Council in 1998, under
which all employers in urban areas are required to enroll their employees in the basic medical
insurance program and the insurance premium is jointly contributed by the employers and
employees. The State Council promulgated the Guiding Opinions of the State Council about the
Pilot Urban Resident Basic Medical Insurance (《國務院關於開展城鎮居民基本醫療保險試點

– 178 –

