BUSINESS

Our Pre-clinical Candidates

In addition to our clinical-stage drug candidates, we are also developing seven
pre-clinical-stage drug candidates. Each of these candidates has been approved by our science
committee, which reviews all proposals for research programs before they enter discovery and
development. Our drug discovery platform has allowed us to maintain and expand a strong
pre-clinical-stage drug pipeline
such as oncology,
ophthalmology, cardiovascular and autoimmune diseases. We believe we have the opportunity
to combine our sintilimab (IBI-308) with other clinical-stage and pre-clinical candidates in our
pipeline to target multiple immuno-oncology checkpoints.

in potentially important

areas,

We have seven innovative pre-clinical drug candidates as of the Latest Practicable Date.
These include two mono-specific antibody drug candidates with which no competing antibody
against the same targets has obtained marketing approval anywhere in the world and also
include five bi-specific antibody drug candidates. We anticipate advancing three of our
pre-clinical candidates into the clinical stage in the next 12 months.

Mono-specific Antibodies

IBI-110

IBI-110 is a fully human monoclonal antibody drug candidate that we are developing for
the treatment of cancers. IBI-110 binds to LAG-3, an immune checkpoint expressed on the
surface of T cells, NK cells, B cells and plasmacytoid dendritic cells. LAG-3 binds to a major
histocompatibility complex class II (MHC class II) antigen and negatively regulates the
proliferation, activation and homeostasis of T-cells. LAG-3 is believed to drive cytotoxic T-cell
tolerance and immune exhaustion. Blocking LAG-3 binding to the MHC class II antigen with
IBI-110 should restore activities of tumor infiltrating T cells, reverse T-cell exhaustion and
drive T-cell activation. Our pre-clinical animal study data show that IBI-110 has good in vivo
anti-tumor efficacy when combined with an anti-PD-1 antibody.

IBI-939

IBI-939 is a fully human monoclonal antibody drug candidate that we are developing for
the treatment of cancers. IBI-939 binds to TIGIT. TIGIT is a receptor expressed on the surface
of T cells and NK cells that can inhibit of immune function after binding to CD155 expressed
on cancer cells or dendritic cells. IBI-939 binds to TIGIT and blocks its interaction with
CD155, thereby increasing immune activation.

Bi-specific Antibodies

IBI-322

IBI-322 is an anti-CD47/PD-L1 bi-specific antibody that we are developing for the
treatment of cancers. IBI-322 simultaneously inhibits both CD47 binding to SIRP␣ and PD-L1
binding to PD-1. Our pre-clinical studies demonstrate that IBI-322 is effective in inducing

– 277 –

