STRUCTURE OF THE GLOBAL OFFERING

PRICING AND ALLOCATION

Pricing for the Offer Shares for the purpose of the various offerings under the Global
Offering will be fixed on the Price Determination Date, which is expected to be on or about
Tuesday, October 23, 2018 and, in any event, no later than Tuesday, October 30, 2018, by
agreement between the Joint Global Coordinators (on behalf of the Underwriters) and the
Company, and the number of Offer Shares to be allocated under the various offerings will be
determined shortly thereafter.

The Offer Price will not be more than HK$14.00 per Offer Share and is expected to be
not less than HK$12.50 per Offer Share, unless otherwise announced, as further explained
below. Applicants under the Hong Kong Public Offering must pay, on application,
the
Maximum Offer Price of HK$14.00 per Offer Share plus brokerage of 1.0%, SFC transaction
levy of 0.0027% and Stock Exchange trading fee of 0.005%, amounting to a total of
HK$7,070.54 for one board lot of 500 Shares. Prospective investors should be aware that the
Offer Price to be determined on the Price Determination Date may be, but is not expected
to be, lower than the minimum Offer Price stated in this prospectus.

STRUCTURE OF THE GLOBAL OFFERING

The International Underwriters will be soliciting from prospective investors indications
of interest in acquiring Offer Shares in the International Offering. Prospective professional and
institutional
investors will be required to specify the number of Offer Shares under the
International Offering they would be prepared to acquire either at different prices or at a
particular price. This process, known as “book-building,” is expected to continue up to, and to
cease on or about, the last day for lodging applications under the Hong Kong Public Offering.

The Joint Global Coordinators (on behalf of the Underwriters) may, where they deem
appropriate, based on the level of interest expressed by prospective investors during the
book-building process in respect of the International Offering, and with the consent of the
Company, reduce the number of Offer Shares offered and/or the Offer Price Range below that
stated in this prospectus at any time on or prior to the morning of the last day for lodging
applications under the Hong Kong Public Offering. In such a case, the Company will, as soon
as practicable following the decision to make such reduction, and in any event not later than
the morning of the last day for lodging applications under the Hong Kong Public Offering,
cause to be published in the South China Morning Post (in English) and the Hong Kong
Economic Times (in Chinese) and on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange at
www.innoventbio.com and www.hkexnews.hk, respectively, notices of the reduction. Upon
the issue of such a notice, the revised number of Offer Shares and/or the Offer Price range will
be final and conclusive and the Offer Price, if agreed upon by the Joint Global Coordinators
(on behalf of the Underwriters) and the Company, will be fixed within such revised Offer Price
Range. If the number of Offer Shares and/or the Offer Price range is so reduced, all applicants
who have already submitted an application will need to confirm their applications in
accordance with the procedures set out in the supplemental prospectus and all unconfirmed
applications will not be valid.

– 405 –

