REGULATIONS

compensation to the patentee and is subject to a fine imposed by relevant administrative
authorities and, if constituting a crime, shall be held criminally liable in accordance with the
law. In the event that a patent is owned by two or more co-owners without an agreement
regarding the distribution of revenue generated from the exploitation of any co-owner of the
patent, such revenue shall be distributed among all the co-owners.

Existing patents can become narrowed, invalid or unenforceable due to a variety of
grounds, including lack of novelty, creativity, and deficiencies in patent application. In China,
a patent must have novelty, creativity and practical applicability. Under the Patent Law, novelty
means that before a patent application is filed, no identical invention or utility model has been
publicly disclosed in any publication in China or overseas or has been publicly used or made
known to the public by any other means, whether in or outside of China, nor has any other
person filed with the patent authority an application that describes an identical invention or
utility model and is recorded in patent application documents or patent documents published
after the filing date. Creativity means that, compared with existing technology, an invention
has prominent substantial features and represents notable progress, and a utility model has
substantial features and represents any progress. Practical applicability means an invention or
utility model can be manufactured or used and may produce positive results. Patents in China
are filed with the State Intellectual Property Office, or SIPO. Normally, the SIPO publishes an
application for an invention patent within 18 months after the filing date, which may be
shortened at the request of applicant. The applicant must apply to the SIPO for a substantive
examination within 3 years from the date of application.

Medical patent compulsory license

According to the Patent Law, for the purpose of public health, the SIPO may grant a
compulsory license for manufacturing patented drugs and exporting them to countries or
regions covered under relevant international treaties to which PRC has acceded.

Trademarks

Pursuant to the Trademark Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國商標法》, the “Trademark
Law”), promulgated by the SCNPC on August 23, 1982, as latest amended on August 30, 2013
and effective from May 1, 2014, the period of validity for a registered trademark is 10 years,
commencing from the date of registration. Upon expiry of the period of validity, the registrant
shall go through the formalities for renewal within 12 months prior to the date of expiry as
required if the registrant needs to continue to use the trademark. Where the registrant fails to
do so, a grace period of 6 months may be granted. The period of validity for each renewal of
registration is 10 years, commencing from the day immediately after the expiry of the
preceding period of validity for the trademark. In the absence of a renewal upon expiry, the
registered trademark shall be canceled. Industrial and commercial administrative authorities
have the authority to investigate any behavior in infringement of the exclusive right under a
registered trademark in accordance with the law. In case of a suspected criminal offense, the
case shall be timely referred to a judicial authority and decided according to law.

– 187 –

