HISTORY, DEVELOPMENT AND CORPORATE STRUCTURE

Note:

(1)

Assuming the Over-allotment Option is not exercised and no shares are
issued pursuant to the Equity Plans.

Use of proceeds

from the Pre-IPO
Investments

We utilized the proceeds from the Pre-IPO Investments for
business expansion, product development, general working capital
and other general corporate purposes.

Strategic benefits

the Pre-IPO
Investors
brought to our
Company

At the time of the Pre-IPO Investments, our Directors were of the
view that our Company could benefit from the additional capital
that would be provided by the Pre-IPO Investors’ investments in
our Company and their knowledge and experience.

Basis of

determining the
consideration
paid

The consideration for the Pre-IPO Investments were determined
based on arm’s length negotiations between us and the Pre-IPO
Investors after
the
investments and the status of our business and operating entities.

taking into consideration the timing of

3.

Rights of our Pre-IPO Investors

All of our Pre-IPO Investors are currently bound by the terms of the Existing Articles,
which will be replaced by our Articles of Association effective upon the Listing. Pursuant to
the Investors’ Rights Agreement and Right of First Refusal and Co-sale Agreement,
the
Pre-IPO Investors were granted certain special rights in relation to our Company. Such special
rights are expected to terminate upon or before the Listing in accordance with the terms of the
Investors’ Rights Agreement and Right of First Refusal and Co-sale Agreement.

4.

Information on our Pre-IPO Investors

F-Prime Capital is a limited partnership established under the laws of Delaware (U.S.).
F-Prime Capital is a venture capital fund investing in healthcare and technology in the U.S.,
Europe and Asia. The general partner of F-Prime Capital
is F-Prime Capital Partners
Healthcare Advisors Fund II LP. F-Prime Capital Partners Healthcare Advisors Fund II LP is
solely managed by Impresa Management LLC, as its general partner and investment manager.

Asia Ventures is a limited partnership established under the laws of Bermuda. It is part
of Eight Roads, the proprietary investment arm of FIL Limited, which mainly focuses on
private investment in healthcare, enterprise technology, financial technology and consumer
technology sectors.

– 202 –

