APPENDIX IV

STATUTORY AND GENERAL INFORMATION

Neither the Board nor the Committee, nor any member of either or any delegatee thereof,

shall be liable for any act or omission made in good faith in connection with the RS Plan.

(e) Grant of Restricted Shares

At the time of grant, the Committee shall specify the date or dates and/or any vesting or
any other terms and conditions (which may include continuing employment or other service
relationship, achievement of pre-established performance goals and objectives and/or such
other conditions that the Committee deems appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion) on
which Restricted Shares under an Award shall become vested.

To receive Shares underlying their Restricted Shares, Grantees must: (i) have been an
employee of any member of the Group on a continuous and uninterrupted basis throughout the
vesting periods of their Grant, and (ii) comply with any other additional obligations determined
by the Committee (the “Continued Employment Condition”). If the Grantee ceases to meet
the Continued Employment Condition at any time during any of the vesting periods of their
Grant, he or she will automatically and without prior notice or consideration forfeit his or her
Restricted Shares.

For the avoidance of doubt, such forfeiture applies to any one of the events listed below

(subject in any event to the absolute discretion of the Committee:

Death.

In the event of a Grantee’s death, any unvested Restricted Shares will

automatically be forfeited.

Disability. In the event of a Grantee’s disability that results in (i) the Grantee being
absolutely unable to exercise any profession whatsoever or (ii) the Grantee, being in his or her
absolute inability to exercise a profession, also requires the assistance of a third party
individual in order to complete ordinary acts of life, with such disability resulting in the
Grantee ceasing to meet the Continued Employment Condition, any unvested Restricted Shares
will automatically be forfeited.

Voluntary resignation.

In the event of a Grantee’s expiration of

term of his/her
employment agreement or any voluntary resignation (except where such resignation is to be
succeeded by such Grantee commencing (1) employment with any business which, in the sole
opinion of
(2) any other competitive
relationship with the Company as considered and determined in the sole opinion of the
Committee), any unvested Restricted Shares will automatically be forfeited.

the Committee, competes with the Company or

Dismissal due to negligence. In the event of a Grantee’s employment being terminated
due to individual dereliction of duty as determined by the Committee, any unvested Restricted
Shares will automatically be forfeited. Such forfeiture of Restricted Shares shall occur on the
date of
the resignation letter,
notwithstanding any notice period (regardless of whether it has been completed) or on the date
of the termination of the employment agreement for other circumstances. If the Grantee is a

reception (or presentation) of

the dismissal

letter or

– IV-42 –

