RISK FACTORS

dollars for the purpose of making payments for dividends on our Shares or for other business
purposes, appreciation of the Hong Kong dollar against RMB would have a negative effect on
the Hong Kong dollar amount available to us. We recorded a net foreign exchange gain of
RMB23.3 million, a loss of RMB29.3 million and a gain of RMB51.2 million for the years
ended December 31, 2016 and 2017, and the six months ended June 30, 2018, respectively.

RISKS RELATING TO OUR DOING BUSINESS IN CHINA

The pharmaceutical industry in China is highly regulated and such regulations are subject
to change which may affect approval and commercialization of our drug candidates.

to comprehensive government

We conduct almost all of our operations in China. The pharmaceutical industry in China
is subject
regulation and supervision, encompassing the
approval, registration, manufacturing, packaging, licensing and marketing of new drugs. In
recent years, the regulatory framework in China regarding the pharmaceutical industry has
undergone significant changes, and we expect that it will continue to undergo significant
changes. Any such changes or amendments may result in increased compliance costs on our
business or cause delays in or prevent the successful development or commercialization of our
drug candidates in China and reduce the benefits we believe are available to us from
developing and manufacturing drugs in China.

Changes in the political and economic policies of the PRC government may materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and may result
in our inability to sustain our growth and expansion strategies.

Due to our extensive operations in China, our business, results of operations, financial
condition and prospects may be influenced to a significant degree by economic, political, legal
and social conditions in China. China’s economy differs from the economies of developed
countries in many respects, including with respect to the amount of government involvement,
level of development, growth rate, control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources.
While the PRC economy has experienced significant growth over the past 30 years, growth has
been uneven across different regions and among various economic sectors of China. The PRC
government has implemented various measures to encourage economic development and guide
the allocation of resources. Some of these measures may benefit the overall PRC economy, but
may have a negative effect on us. For example, our financial condition and results of operations
may be adversely affected by government control over capital investments or changes in tax
regulations that are currently applicable to us. In addition, in the past the PRC government
implemented certain measures,
the pace of
economic growth. These measures may cause decreased economic activity in China, which may
if the business
adversely affect our business and results of operation. More generally,
environment
international
investment, our business in China may also be adversely affected.

from the perspective of domestic or

in China deteriorates

including interest rate increases,

to control

– 105 –

