APPENDIX IV

STATUTORY AND GENERAL INFORMATION

limitation, performance and/or time-based schedules) or determine that no
delayed exercisability or vesting is
required, establish any applicable
performance targets, and establish the events of termination or reversion of
such Awards;

iii.

approve the forms of Award Agreements, which need not be identical either as
to type of Award or among Participants;

iv.

decide all other matters that must be determined in connection with an Award;

v.

vi.

Prescribe,
administration of the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan or the Awards;

amend and rescind rules

and regulations

relating to the

construe and interpret the terms of, and any matter arising pursuant to the
Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan, any Award Agreement or other agreements
defining the rights and obligations of
its Affiliates, and
Participants under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan;

the Company,

vii.

cancel, modify, or waive the Company’s rights with respect to, or modify,
discontinue, suspend, or terminate any or all outstanding Awards;

viii.

implement any procedures, steps, additional or different requirements as may
be necessary to comply with any laws of the People’s Republic of China (the
“PRC”) that may be applicable to the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan, any Award
or any related documents, including but not limited to foreign exchange laws,
tax laws and securities laws of the PRC.

(e) Grant of Awards

The Administrator is authorized to grant Awards to Participants in accordance with
the terms of the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan. Awards granted will be evidenced by an
Award Agreement in the form approved by the Administrator. The Award Agreement
contains the terms established by the Administrator for that Award, as well as any other
additional terms, provisions, or restrictions that the Administrator may impose on the
Award.

(f)

Term of the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan

The Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan commenced on May 10, 2012 (the “Effective
Date”) and will terminate at the close of business on the day before the 10th anniversary
of the Effective Date. After the termination of the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan either
upon such stated expiration date or its earlier termination by the Board, no additional
Awards may be granted, but previously granted Awards (and the authority of the
Administrator with respect thereto, including the authority to amend such Awards) shall
remain outstanding in accordance with their applicable terms and conditions and the
terms and conditions of the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan.

– IV-22 –

