BUSINESS

Product in China at least 180 days prior to the conclusion of the initial term or the then-current
renewal term. In addition to certain customary termination rights such as the right to terminate
for an uncured material breach by the other party or the other party’s insolvency, Eli Lilly has
the right to terminate the Lilly China Agreement in its sole discretion by providing 180 days’
advance written notice.

regulatory approval

With certain limited exceptions, during the initial term of the Lilly China Agreement,
neither party may commercialize any monoclonal antibody or fragment of such antibody that
targets the same antigens as the China Products in China. We granted Eli Lilly a right of first
refusal
to exclusively commercialize IBI-301 outside of China in jurisdictions in which
IBI-301’s any future regulatory approval and related filings are not adequate to support a filing
for
in any such jurisdiction without significant additional clinical
development. If we receive an offer from a third party in connection with the foregoing, we
must notify Eli Lilly in writing of such offer and Eli Lilly will have 45 days from receipt of
such notice to exercise its right of first refusal. We also granted Eli Lilly a right of first
negotiation in connection with the foregoing, which Eli Lilly can exercise within 45 days of
receiving written notice from us of our intent
to enter into a term sheet or commence
negotiations with a third party.

Addendum to the Exclusive License and Collaboration Agreement for China

In October 2015, we and Eli Lilly entered into an addendum to the Lilly China Agreement
(the “Lilly China Addendum”) whereby the parties agreed to pursue the development of three
additional drug candidates consisting of bi-specific PD-1 monoclonal antibodies (the “Bi-
Specific PD-1 Products”) which include IBI-318 and IBI-319.

Under the Lilly China Addendum, we and Eli Lilly must collaborate on the development
of Bi-Specific PD-1 Products. Eli Lilly is responsible for developing the pre-clinical data
package concerning various potential Bi-Specific PD-1 Products, and grants us the right to
develop Eli Lilly’s preferred candidates in China, which include IBI-318 and IBI-319. If we
decide to develop an Eli Lilly’s preferred Bi-Specific PD-1 Product candidate, Eli Lilly grants
to us an exclusive license (with the right to sublicense under certain conditions) under certain
Eli Lilly patents and know-how and Eli Lilly’s rights in certain patents and inventions jointly
owned by us and Eli Lilly related to the Bi-Specific PD-1 Product to develop, manufacture, and
commercialize the preferred Bi-Specific PD-1 Product for any use in China. After Phase 1
clinical trials for the preferred Bi-Specific PD-1 Product are completed in China, we must
provide all Phase 1 final data for Eli Lilly’s evaluation and review, and Eli Lilly will have the
right to opt in to the development and commercialization of the preferred Bi-Specific PD-1
Product in China. Unless Eli Lilly exercises such right, we will be responsible for all costs and
all decisions regarding such product’s development, manufacture and commercialization. In
addition, we granted Eli Lilly a right of first negotiation to commercialize a Bi-Specific PD-1
Product in China if we seek a third party partner for such commercialization.

If we decide to develop and commercialize an Eli Lilly’s preferred Bi-Specific PD-1
Product candidate, we would owe milestone payments
to Eli Lilly totaling up to
US$37,000,000, and would owe Eli Lilly royalties of a low-to-mid-single digit percentage of

– 283 –

