BUSINESS

The 2016 Adimab Agreement continues (i) until the conclusion of the last-to-expire
research program in the event that we do not exercise our option or (ii) in the event that we
exercise our option, on a country-by-country and product-by-product basis until the later of (a)
the expiration of the last-to-expire licensed patent in such country and (b) 12 years after the
first commercial sale of the 2016 Adimab Product in such country. Either party may terminate
the 2016 Adimab Agreement upon an uncured material breach by the other party.

Collaboration with Hanmi

In March 2017, we entered into a collaboration agreement with Beijing Hanmi
Pharmaceutical Co., LTD to develop and commercialize IBI-315, an anti-HER2/PD-1
bi-specific antibody. Beijing Hanmi Pharmaceutical Co., LTD is a subsidiary of Hanmi
Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.

Under the collaboration agreement,

the parties agreed to jointly participate in the
development of IBI-315. Hanmi will take the lead in initial product development and creation,
and subsequent product development outside of China. We will take the lead in product
in China as well as developing the worldwide manufacturing processes. In
development
developing and commercializing IBI-315,
the parties will share the development and
commercialization expenses and profits.

In the development and commercialization of IBI-315, each party maintains ownership of
its own background intellectual property rights, as well as improvements made to that
intellectual property by either party under the collaboration agreement. Intellectual property
developed by either party under the collaboration agreement that is not an improvement of only
one party’s intellectual property is jointly and equally owned by both parties. Each party
provides the other a co-exclusive (with the other party) fully-paid, royalty free license under
such party’s intellectual property and joint intellectual property to the extent necessary to
perform under the collaboration agreement in the development of IBI-315.

Neither party is obligated to pay any upfront payment, milestone payment or royalty fee
under the collaboration agreement, and the Company did not make or receive any payment
pursuant to the collaboration agreement during the Track Record Period.

Exclusive License from Protevo

In June 2012, we entered into an agreement (“the Protevo Agreement”) with Taiwan-
based AP Biosciences, Inc., formerly known as ProtevoBio, Inc. (“Protevo”), whereby Protevo
granted us an exclusive, worldwide license under certain of Protevo’s patents, patent
applications and know-how to develop, manufacture and commercialize biopharmaceutical
products incorporating a bi-specific anti-complement/VEGF protein, ACVP1, and its variants
(an “ACVP1 Product”). Under the Protevo Agreement, we have the right to sublicense the
license granted by Protevo, but we must provide Protevo with advance notice of our intent to
enter into a sublicense agreement and the opportunity to discuss and comment on such
proposed sublicense agreement. We must use commercially reasonable efforts to develop,

– 289 –

