BUSINESS

The following graph shows the best objective response in each of the 96 patients as
measured by the percentage of change from baseline in target lesion based on CT scans and
PET scans. By IWG 2007 (International Working Group 2007) criteria for assessing objective
response in Hodgkin’s lymphoma, patients whose tumor do not completely resolve based on
size of the tumors but become PET scan negative (blue bars) are complete responses.

Best response in relapsed/refractory classical Hodgkin’s lymphoma patients

Abbreviations: CR = complete response; PR = partial response; SD = stable disease; PD = progressive disease.

The safety profile of sintilimab is consistent with the expected safety profile of a
PD-1-specific antibody such as those of nivolumab and pembrolizumab that does not involve
side effects such as skin capillary hemangioma. In these 96 patients, every patient experienced
at least one treatment emergent adverse event (TEAE), 92.7% of which were assessed as
treatment related by the investigator. The majority of the TEAEs were grade 1 to 2. 25.0% of
the TEAEs were grade 3 to 4. No grade 5 TEAE occurred. The most common treatment related
adverse event (AE) was fever, which affected 40.6% of the patients during the study. Serious
AE (SAEs) of any cause were reported in 14.6% of the patients, with the most common being
pneumonia (3.1%), lung infection (2.1%), infectious pneumonia (2.1%), upper respiratory tract
infection (2.1%) and infusion-related reaction (2.1%). Treatment related SAEs occurred in 11
patients (11.5%). Adverse events that led to permanent treatment discontinuation occurred in
three out of 96 patients, including one patient with grade 2 pneumonia, one patient with grade
4 liver dysfunction, and one patient with grade 3 pneumonia and grade 4 platelet count
decreased. 52 of the 96 patients reported immune related adverse events (irAE), including
hypothyroidism (19.8%), serum thyrotropin increased (16.7%) and free thyroxine decreased
(11.5%). Three patients experienced irAEs above grade 3, including one patient with grade 3
alanine aminotransferase increase, one patient with grade 4 liver dysfunction, and one patient
with grade 3 pneumonia and grade 3 platelet count decrease. Immune pneumonitis is a PD-1
class specific adverse event. No fatalities and no unusual or unexpected safety signals, which
are signals not related to the PD-1 class of drugs, have been observed in this study.

– 237 –

