HISTORY, DEVELOPMENT AND CORPORATE STRUCTURE

Circular 37

In 2014,

the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, promulgated the
Circular on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control on Domestic Residents’
Offshore Investment and Financing and Roundtrip Investment
through Special Purpose
Vehicles, or SAFE Circular 37. SAFE Circular 37 requires PRC residents to register with local
branches of SAFE or competent banks designated by SAFE in connection with their direct
establishment or indirect control of an offshore entity, for the purpose of overseas investment
and financing, with such PRC residents’ legally owned assets or equity interests in domestic
enterprises or offshore assets or interests, referred to in SAFE Circular 37 as a “special purpose
vehicle.” The term “PRC residents” under SAFE Circular 37 is defined as the PRC citizens
holding PRC ID or non-PRC citizens habitually residing in China due to economic interests.

The term “control” under SAFE Circular 37 is broadly defined as the operation rights,
beneficiary rights or decision-making rights acquired by the PRC residents in the offshore
special purpose vehicles or PRC companies by such means as acquisition, trust, proxy, voting
rights, repurchase, convertible bonds or other arrangements. SAFE Circular 37 further requires
amendment to the registration in the event of any changes with respect to the basic information
of or any significant changes with respect to the special purpose vehicle. If the shareholders
of the offshore holding company who are PRC residents do not complete their registration with
the local SAFE branches, the PRC subsidiaries may be prohibited from distributing their profits
and proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation to the offshore
company, and the offshore company may be restricted in its ability to contribute additional
capital
to its PRC subsidiaries. Moreover, failure to comply with SAFE registration and
amendment requirements described above could result in liability under PRC law for evasion
of applicable foreign exchange restrictions.

further advises that

there still

Our PRC legal adviser

remains uncertainty as to
interpretation and implementation of SAFE Circular 37 and relevant implementation rules at
practice level. Based on an interview performed by us and our PRC legal adviser with the
competent branch of SAFE, our PRC legal adviser is of the view that, Dr. De-Chao Michael
Yu, Ph. D. and other individual shareholders of the Company as of the Latest Practicable Date
are not required to conduct registration pursuant to the requirements of SAFE Circular 37 and
relevant implementation rules.

– 215 –

