INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

Favorable government policies

One of the factors that drives the growth of China’s biosimilar market is the support and
active promotion from the Chinese government. In 2015, the Chinese government released the
Guidelines for the R&D and Evaluation of Biosimilars, which is perceived as the milestone of
China’s biosimilar market in recent years. Moreover, China National Basic Medical Insurance
Schedule is expected to expand frequently in the future and biosimilars with affordable prices
are becoming more likely to enter into reimbursable drugs list and hospital formulary list.
These developments are expected to significantly drive the growth of China’s biosimilar
market. In October 2018, the National Medical Insurance Bureau (NMIB) announced that the
List B catalogue of the National Reimbursement Drug List (NRDL) is expanded to include 17
anti-cancer drugs. In addition, the State Council Executive Meeting had reviewed and approved
in principle the Opinions on Improving National Essential Drug System on August 30, 2018,
pursuant to which the national essential drug list will be expanded to include 12 additional
anti-oncology drugs and essential drugs will be given priority admission to NDRL. The
opinions are expected to be issued and implemented in near future.

Predictable expansion of indications for biosimilars

Compared with FDA-approved indications, the NMPA only approved few indications for
cancer and autoimmune monoclonal antibodies (mAbs). The on-going reform of imported drug
approval process would likely expedite the approval process for biologics drug candidates. In
particular, Technical Guidelines for Accepting Data from Overseas Clinical Trials of Drugs
(《接受藥品境外臨床試驗資料的技術指導原則》) was promulgated on 10 July 2018, which
allows the data of clinical trials conducted outside of China to be used for NDA filing in China.
With this industry background, Frost & Sullivan predicts that more indications will be
approved by the NMPA for the mAbs approved in the U.S. in a more timely manner.

Increasing acceptance driven by market education

Unlike chemical generics, biosimilars need to demonstrate structural similarity and
functional equivalence, which often require substantial efforts. A key factor that could foster
patient and physician acceptance of biosimilars is professional or academic education. During
trial data will play a critical role in convincing physicians to adopt
education, clinical
biosimilars. Over time,
the existing barriers to acceptance of biosimilars are
expected to be overcome.

therefore,

Market Size of China’s Biosimilars Market

According to the Frost & Sullivan Report, the sales revenue of China’s biosimilars market
is expected to grow at a CAGR of 70.9% from approximately RMB1.2 billion in 2017 to
approximately RMB16.9 billion in 2022 and further grow to approximately RMB58.6 billion
in 2030, representing a CAGR of 16.8% from 2022 to 2030.

– 163 –

