INFORMATION ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS AND THE GLOBAL OFFERING

See the section headed “Underwriting” in this prospectus for further information about

the Underwriters and the underwriting arrangements.

PROCEDURES FOR APPLICATION FOR HONG KONG OFFER SHARES

The application procedures for the Hong Kong Offer Shares are set forth in “How to
Apply for Hong Kong Offer Shares” in this prospectus and on the relevant Application Forms.

STRUCTURE AND CONDITIONS OF THE GLOBAL OFFERING

Details of the structure of the Global Offering, including its conditions, are set forth in

the section headed “Structure of the Global Offering” in this prospectus.

SELLING RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS AND SALE OF SHARES

Each person acquiring the Hong Kong Offer Shares under the Hong Kong Public Offering
will be required to, or be deemed by his/her acquisition of Offer Shares to, confirm that he/she
is aware of the restrictions on offers for the Offer Shares described in this prospectus and on
the relevant Application Forms.

No action has been taken to permit a public offering of the Offer Shares in any
jurisdiction other than in Hong Kong, or the distribution of this prospectus and/or the
Application Forms in any jurisdiction other than Hong Kong. Accordingly, this prospectus may
not be used for the purpose of, and does not constitute an offer or invitation in any jurisdiction
or in any circumstances in which such an offer or invitation is not authorised or to any person
to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or invitation. The distribution of this prospectus
and the offering and sale of the Offer Shares in other jurisdictions are subject to restrictions
and may not be made except as permitted under the applicable securities laws of such
jurisdictions pursuant to registration with or authorisation by the relevant securities regulatory
authorities or an exemption therefrom.

APPLICATION FOR LISTING ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE

We have applied to the Listing Committee for the listing of, and permission to deal in, the
Shares in issue and to be issued pursuant to the Global Offering (including the Shares which
may be issued pursuant to the exercise of: (i) the Over-Allotment Option and (ii) the options
which have been granted under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan.

Dealings in the Shares on the Stock Exchange are expected to commence on Wednesday,
October 31, 2018. No part of our Shares or loan capital is listed on or dealt in on any other
stock exchange and no such listing or permission to list is being or proposed to be sought. All
Offer Shares will be registered on the Hong Kong Share Registrar of our Company in order to
enable them to be traded on the Stock Exchange.

– 128 –

