SHARE CAPITAL

ASSUMPTIONS

The above table assume that (i) the Global Offering becomes unconditional and Shares
are issued pursuant to the Global Offering and (ii) the Over-allotment Option is not exercised
and no Shares are issued pursuant to the Equity Plan. The above tables also do not take into
account any Shares which may be issued or repurchased by the Company under the general
mandates granted to our Directors as referred to below.

RANKING

The Offer Shares will rank pari passu in all respects with all Shares currently in issue or
to be issued as mentioned in this prospectus, and will qualify and rank equally for all dividends
or other distributions declared, made or paid on the Shares on a record date which falls after
the date of this prospectus.

CIRCUMSTANCES UNDER WHICH GENERAL MEETINGS ARE REQUIRED

Our Company will have only one class of Shares upon Listing, namely ordinary shares,

and each ranks pari passu with the other Shares.

Pursuant

to the Cayman Companies Law and the terms of

the Memorandum of
Association and Articles of Association, our Company may from time to time by ordinary
resolution of shareholders (i) increase its share capital; (ii) consolidate and divide its share
capital into shares of larger amount; (iii) subdivide its shares into shares of smaller amount;
and (iv) cancel any shares which have not been taken or agreed to be taken. In addition, our
Company may subject to the provisions of the Cayman Companies Law reduce its share capital
or capital redemption reserve by its shareholders passing a special resolution. See the section
headed “Summary of the Constitution of our Company and Cayman Companies Law –
Summary of the Constitution of the Company – 2. Articles of Association – 2.5 Alteration of
capital” in Appendix III for further details.

PRE-IPO SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN AND POST-IPO ESOP

We adopted the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan, the Post-IPO ESOP and the RS Plan. For
the RS Plan, we will issue 55,907,535 Shares within two years of Listing for distribution of
Shares corresponding to Restricted Shares. See the section headed “Statutory and General
Information – Equity Plans” in Appendix IV for further details.

GENERAL MANDATE TO ISSUE SHARES

Subject to the Global Offering becoming unconditional, our Directors have been granted
a general unconditional mandate to allot, issue and deal with Shares with a total nominal value
of not more than the sum of:

(cid:129)

20% of the aggregate nominal value of the Shares in issue immediately following
completion of the Global Offering (excluding any Shares which may be issued
pursuant to the exercise of the options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive
Plan); and

– 351 –

