RISK FACTORS

viruses, phishing, and other cyber-attacks. The number and complexity of these threats
continue to increase over time. If a material breach of our information technology systems or
those of our vendors occurs,
the market perception of the effectiveness of our security
measures could be harmed and our reputation and credibility could be damaged. We could be
required to expend significant amounts of money and other resources to repair or replace
information systems or networks. In addition, we could be subject to regulatory actions and/or
claims made by individuals and groups in private litigation involving privacy issues related to
data collection and use practices and other data privacy laws and regulations, including claims
for misuse or inappropriate disclosure of data, as well as unfair or deceptive practices.
Although we develop and maintain systems and controls designed to prevent these events from
occurring, and we have a process to identify and mitigate threats,
the development and
maintenance of
these systems, controls and processes are costly and requires ongoing
monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures
become increasingly sophisticated. Moreover, despite our efforts,
the possibility of these
events occurring cannot be eliminated entirely. As we outsource more of our information
systems to vendors, engage in more electronic transactions with payors and patients, and rely
more on cloud-based information systems, the related security risks will increase and we will
need to expend additional resources to protect our technology and information systems.

Product liability claims or lawsuits could cause us to incur substantial liabilities.

We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the clinical testing and any
future commercialization of our drug candidates inside and outside China. For example, we
may be sued if our drug candidates cause or are perceived to cause injury or are found to be
otherwise unsuitable during clinical
testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such
product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design,
a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the drug, negligence, strict liability or a breach of
warranties. Claims could also be asserted under applicable consumer protection laws. If we
cannot successfully defend ourselves against or obtain indemnification from our collaborators
for product
liabilities or be required to limit
commercialization of our drug candidates. Even successful defense would require significant
financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability
claims may result in: decreased demand for our drug candidates; injury to our reputation;
withdrawal of clinical trial participants and inability to continue clinical trials; initiation of
investigations by regulators; costs to defend the related litigation; a diversion of management’s
time and our resources; substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; product
recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions;
loss of revenue;
exhaustion of any available insurance and our capital resources; the inability to commercialize
any approved drug candidate; and a decline in the market price of our Shares.

liability claims, we may incur substantial

To cover such liability claims arising from clinical studies, we purchase clinical trial
insurance in the conduct of our clinical trials. It is possible that our liabilities could exceed our
insurance coverage or that our insurance will not cover all situations in which a claim against
us could be made. We may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or
obtain insurance coverage that will be adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. If a

– 101 –

