RISK FACTORS

The coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the
patent is issued, and its scope can be reinterpreted after issuance. Even if patent applications
we license or own currently or in the future issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that
will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors or other third parties from
competing with us, or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Any patents that
we hold or in-license may be challenged, narrowed, circumvented, or invalidated by third
parties. In addition,
the patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies
generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions, and has been the
subject of much litigation in recent years. As a result,
the issuance, scope, validity,
enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain.

The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or
enforceability, and our patent rights may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the
United States, China and other countries. We may be subject to a third-party preissuance
submission of prior art to the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, or become
involved in opposition, derivation, revocation, re-examination, post-grant review, inter partes
review, or interference proceedings or similar proceedings in foreign jurisdictions challenging
our patent rights or the patent rights of others. An adverse determination in any such
submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights,
allow third parties to commercialize our technology or drug candidates and compete directly
with us without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize drug
candidates without
infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating third-party patent
rights. Moreover, we may have to participate in interference proceedings declared by the
USPTO to determine priority of invention or in post-grant challenge proceedings, such as
oppositions in a foreign patent office, that challenge the priority of our invention or other
features of patentability of our patents and patent applications. Such challenges may result in
loss of patent rights, loss of exclusivity, or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated, or
held unenforceable, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing
similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of
our technology and drug candidates. Such proceedings also may result in substantial costs and
require significant time from our scientists and management, even if the eventual outcome is
favorable to us. Consequently, we do not know whether any of our technology or drug
candidates will be protectable or remain protected by valid and enforceable patents. Our
competitors or other third parties may be able to circumvent our patents by developing similar
or alternative technologies or products in a non-infringing manner.

Furthermore, although various extensions may be available, the life of a patent and the
protection it affords,
is limited. Even if we successfully obtain patent protection for an
approved drug candidate, it may face competition from generic or biosimilar medications once
the patent has expired. Manufacturers of generic or biosimilar drugs may challenge the scope,
validity or enforceability of our patents in court or before a patent office, and we may not be
successful in enforcing or defending those intellectual property rights and, as a result, may not
be able to develop or market the relevant product exclusively, which would have a material
adverse effect on any potential sales of that product. The issued patents and pending patent
applications, if issued, for our drug candidates are expected to expire on various dates as

– 79 –

