BUSINESS

As of the Latest Practicable Date, none of our Directors or any Shareholder, who, to the
knowledge of our Directors, owns more than 5% of our issued share capital immediately
following completion of the Global Offering (but without taking into account the exercise of
the Over-allotment Option) nor any of their respective associates had any interest in our
customer.

RAW MATERIALS AND SUPPLIERS

We develop cell lines either independently or in collaboration with third parties when we
begin discovery and development on a new drug candidate. We maintain a master cell bank
with separate copies in two locations and we produce working cell banks from the master cell
bank.

We licensed transgenic mice from third-party developers of human antibody discovery
platforms, including Trianni, Inc. and Harbour Antibodies. These mouse strains have been
humanized and therefore express human proteins, and can be used to discover potential human
mAb drug candidates against human inflammatory disease, cancer and other targets.

We procure equipment for the development and manufacture of our drug candidates from

industry-leading, highly reputable manufacturers and suppliers around the world.

We purchase cell culture media from several reputable third-party suppliers on a regular
basis. We test the cell culture media when received to ensure consistent quality. For certain
drug candidates, we have developed and used our own proprietary cell culture media with an
optimized formulation.

We use contract research organizations, or CROs, and consultants that manage, conduct
and support our clinical trials and pre-clinical studies in China and in the U.S. For further
details, see “– Our Platform – Clinical Development.”

For the two years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017, our purchases from our five largest
suppliers in the aggregate accounted for 32.8%, and 39.2% of our total purchases (including
value added tax), respectively, and purchases from our largest supplier alone accounted for
11.8%, and 13.1% of our total purchases (including value added tax), respectively. Purchases
include raw materials, third-party contracting services for research and development purposes,
machines and equipment and administrative services. All of our five largest suppliers during
the Track Record Period are independent third parties. None of our Directors, their respective
associates or any shareholder who, to the knowledge of our Directors, owned more than 5% of
our issued share capital as of the Latest Practicable Date, has any interest in any of our five
largest suppliers during the Track Record Period.

We have established relationships with preferred suppliers of raw materials for our
manufacturing activities who we believe have sufficient capacity to meet our demands. In
addition, we believe that adequate alternative sources for such supplies exist and we have
developed alternative sourcing strategies for these raw materials. These strategies will be

– 302 –

