RISK FACTORS

interference proceeding or other priority or inventorship dispute, we may be required to obtain
and maintain licenses from third parties, including parties involved in any such interference
proceedings or other priority or inventorship disputes. Such licenses may not be available on
commercially reasonable terms or at all, or may be non-exclusive. If we are unable to obtain
and maintain such licenses, we may need to cease the development, manufacture, and
commercialization of one or more of our drug candidates. The loss of exclusivity or the
narrowing of our owned and licensed patent claims could limit our ability to stop others from
using or commercializing similar or identical drug products. Any of the foregoing could result
in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or
prospects. Even if we are successful in an interference proceeding or other similar priority or
inventorship disputes,
in substantial costs and be a distraction to our
management and other employees.

it could result

We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world or
prevent unfair competition by third parties.

Filing, prosecuting, maintaining and defending patents on drug candidates in all countries
throughout the world could be prohibitively expensive for us, and our intellectual property
rights in some countries can have a different scope and strength than do those in some other
countries. In addition, the laws of certain countries do not protect intellectual property rights
to the same extent as the laws of certain other countries. Consequently, we may not be able to
prevent
third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries, or from selling or
importing drugs made using our inventions in and into certain jurisdictions. Competitors may
use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop
their own drugs and further, may export otherwise infringing drugs to certain jurisdictions
where we have patent protection, but where enforcement rights are not as strong as those in
certain other countries. These drugs may compete with our drug candidates and our patent
rights or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or adequate to prevent them
from competing.

We currently hold issued trademark registrations and have trademark applications
pending, any of which may be the subject of a governmental or third-party objection, which
could prevent the registration or maintenance of the same. If we are unsuccessful in obtaining
trademark protection for our primary brands, we may be required to change our brand names,
which could materially adversely affect our business. Moreover, as our products mature, our
reliance on our trademarks to differentiate us from our competitors will increase, and as a
result, if we are unable to prevent third parties from adopting, registering or using trademarks
and trade dress that infringe, dilute or otherwise violate our trademark rights, or engaging in
conduct that constitutes unfair competition, defamation or other violation of our rights, our
business could be materially adversely affected.

Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending
intellectual property rights in certain jurisdictions, including China. The legal systems of some
countries do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property,
particularly those relating to biopharmaceutical products, which could make it difficult in those

– 82 –

