HOW TO APPLY FOR HONG KONG OFFER SHARES

If you apply for less than 1,000,000 Hong Kong Offer Shares, your refund cheque(s)
and/or share certificate(s) will be sent to the address on the relevant Application Form on or
before Tuesday, October 30, 2018, by ordinary post and at your own risk.

(ii)

If you apply using a YELLOW Application Form

If you apply for 1,000,000 Hong Kong Offer Shares or more, please follow the same
instructions as described above. If you have applied for less than 1,000,000 Hong Kong Offer
Shares, your refund cheque(s) will be sent to the address on the relevant Application Form on
or before Tuesday, October 30, 2018, by ordinary post and at your own risk.

If you apply by using a YELLOW Application Form and your application is wholly or
partially successful, your share certificate(s) will be issued in the name of HKSCC Nominees
and deposited into CCASS for credit to your or the designated CCASS Participant’s stock
account as stated in your Application Form on Tuesday, October 30, 2018, or upon contingency,
on any other date determined by HKSCC or HKSCC Nominees.

(cid:129)

If you apply through a designated CCASS participant (other than a CCASS investor
participant)

For Hong Kong Public Offering shares credited to your designated CCASS
participant’s stock account (other than CCASS Investor Participant), you can check the
number of Hong Kong Public Offering shares allotted to you with that CCASS
participant.

(cid:129)

If you are applying as a CCASS investor participant

The Company will publish the results of CCASS Investor Participants’ applications
together with the results of the Hong Kong Public Offering in the manner described in
“Publication of Results” above. You should check the announcement published by the
Company and report any discrepancies to HKSCC before 5:00 p.m. on Tuesday, October
30, 2018 or any other date as determined by HKSCC or HKSCC Nominees. Immediately
after the credit of the Hong Kong Offer Shares to your stock account, you can check your
new account balance via the CCASS Phone System and CCASS Internet System.

(iii) If you apply through the White Form eIPO service

If you apply for 1,000,000 Hong Kong Offer Shares or more and your application is
wholly or partially successful, you may collect your Share certificate(s) from Hong Kong Share
Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712-1716, 17th
Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, from 9:00 a.m. to 1:00
p.m. on Tuesday, October 30, 2018, or such other date as notified by the Company in the
newspapers as the date of despatch/collection of Share certificates/e-Refund payment
instructions/refund cheques.

If you do not collect your Share certificate(s) personally within the time specified for
to the address specified in your application instructions by

they will be sent

collection,
ordinary post at your own risk.

– 426 –

