APPENDIX IV

STATUTORY AND GENERAL INFORMATION

2.

Post-IPO ESOP

The following is a summary of the principal terms of the post-IPO share option scheme
in writing of our

(the “Post-IPO ESOP”) conditionally adopted by the resolutions
Shareholders passed on June 12, 2018.

(a) Purpose of the Post-IPO ESOP

The purpose of the Post-IPO ESOP is to provide selected participants with the opportunity
to acquire proprietary interests in the Company and to encourage selected participants to work
towards enhancing the value of our Company and its Shares for the benefit of our Company
and Shareholders as a whole. The Post-IPO ESOP will provide our Company with a flexible
means of retaining, incentivising, rewarding, remunerating, compensating and/or providing
benefits to selected participants.

(b) Selected participants to the Post-IPO ESOP

Any individual, being an employee, director, officer, consultant, adviser, distributor,
contractor, customer, supplier, agent, business partner, joint venture business partner or service
provider of any member of the Group or any affiliate who the Board or its delegate(s)
considers, in their sole discretion, to have contributed or will contribute to our Group is entitled
to be offered and granted options. However, no individual who is resident in a place where the
grant, acceptance or exercise of options pursuant to the Post-IPO ESOP is not permitted under
the laws and regulations of such place or where, in the view of the Board or its delegate(s),
compliance with applicable laws and regulations in such place makes it necessary or expedient
to exclude such individual, is eligible to be offered or granted options.

(c) Maximum number of Shares

The total number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted
under the Post-IPO ESOP and any other schemes is 111,815,071, being no more than 10% of
the Shares in issue on the date the Shares commence trading on the Stock Exchange (the
“Option Scheme Mandate Limit”) (excluding any Shares which may be issued pursuant to the
exercise of the Over-allotment Option and the options granted under the Pre-IPO Share
Incentive Plan). Options which have lapsed in accordance with the terms of the rules of the
Post-IPO ESOP (or any other share option schemes of the Company) shall not be counted for
the purpose of calculating the Option Scheme Mandate Limit.

The overall limit on the number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all
outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the Post-IPO ESOP and any other
share option schemes of the Company at any time (and to which the provisions of Chapter 17
of the Listing Rules are applicable) must not exceed 30% of the Shares in issue from time to
time (the “Option Scheme Limit”). No options may be granted under any schemes of our
Company (or its subsidiaries) if this will result in the Option Scheme Limit being exceeded.

– IV-31 –

