SUMMARY

Sintilimab is an innovative fully human PD-1 monoclonal antibody and one of the first
PD-1 monoclonal antibodies to have a new drug application (NDA) accepted in China with
priority review status. The indication for this NDA is r/r Hodgkin’s lymphoma. PD-1/PD-L1
antibodies and other immuno-oncology drugs have revolutionized treatment of many cancers
and demonstrated significant clinical benefits over chemotherapy and other therapies in many
types of cancers. According to the Frost & Sullivan Report, PD-1/PD-L1 antibodies had sales
of US$10.1 billion worldwide in 2017; however, in China, there are only two approved PD-1
antibodies, Bristol-Myers Squibb’s Opdivo (nivolumab), which was approved by the NMPA on
June 15, 2018 for the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC after prior
platinum-based chemotherapy in adult patients without EGFR or ALK genomic tumor
aberration, and Merck’s Keytruda (pembrolizumab), which was approved by the NMPA on July
26, 2018 for the treatment of adult patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma
following failure of one prior line of therapy; there is no PD-L1 antibody approved in China
yet. We are developing sintilimab to treat multiple types of cancers and are currently
conducting clinical trials with sintilimab both as a monotherapy and in combination with other
therapies. In particular, part of sintilimab forms the anti-PD-1 portion of three bi-specific
antibody drug candidates currently under our pre-clinical development, including IBI-318,
IBI-319 and IBI-315. Besides us, several companies also have anti-PD-1/PD-L1 drug
candidates with an NDA application under review by the NMPA for the first indications or
otherwise in late-stage clinical development
including Roche’s Tecentriq
(atezolizumab), BeiGene’s BGB-A317 (tislelizumab), Hengrui’s SHR-1210 (camrelizumab),
CStone’s
Junshi’s
KN035,
AstraZeneca/MedImmune’s
(durvalumab) and Merck KGaA/Pfizer’s Bavencio
(avelumab).

CS1001, Alphamab/3DMed’s

in China,

JS-001

(toripalimab),

Imfinzi

Sintilimab has demonstrated an objective response rate (ORR) of 79.2% (week 24 data)
and a complete response (CR) rate of 17.7% (week 15 data) in our registration clinical trial in
96 patients in China with relapsed/refractory classical Hodgkin’s lymphoma and a safety and
toxicity profile comparable to existing approved PD-1 antibodies. We believe that sintilimab
has the potential to be a best-in-class PD-1 antibody given its biochemical and biological
properties. For example, based on biochemical assays, sintilimab binds 10-fold and 50-fold
more tightly to its target (referred to as high affinity) than pembrolizumab (sold under the trade
name Keytruda by Merck) and nivolumab (sold under the trade name Opdivo by Bristol-Myers
Squibb), respectively, and, based on in vivo pharmacodynamic comparison data, sintilimab also
occupies more of the available PD-1 binding sites at a given drug concentration (referred to as
target occupancy) than nivolumab. In our clinical trials, sintilimab demonstrated greater than
95% receptor occupancy for the full duration of a cycle of therapy at the 3 mg/kg dose level.
In comparison, published data show that, at the same 3 mg/kg dose level, nivolumab had a
receptor occupancy that falls within the range of approximately 75% to 80% throughout the
cycle of therapy. We believe that these characteristics of sintilimab would lead to better clinical
efficacy at the same or lower dosage level and at the same or lower frequency of administration
in comparison with existing approved PD-1 antibodies. We will co-promote and co-brand
sintilimab per the agreement with Eli Lilly in China and, subject to receipt of NMPA approval,
we plan to launch sintilimab in 2019.

– 4 –

