IMPORTANT

If you are in any doubt about any of the contents of this prospectus, you should obtain independent professional advice.

信 達 生 物 製 藥

Innovent Biologics, Inc.

(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with Limited Liability)

GLOBAL OFFERING

Number of Offer Shares under
the Global Offering
Number of Hong Kong Offer Shares
Number of International Offering Shares

:

:
:

236,350,000 Shares (subject to the

Over-allotment Option)

23,635,000 Shares (subject to reallocation)
212,715,000 Shares (subject to reallocation

and the Over-allotment Option)

Maximum Offer Price

: HK$14.00 per Offer Share plus brokerage
of 1%, SFC transaction levy of 0.0027%
and the Stock Exchange trading fee of
0.005% (payable in full on application in
Hong Kong dollars subject to refund)

Nominal value
Stock code

: US$0.00001 per Share
:

1801

Joint Sponsors, Joint Global Coordinators, Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Managers

Joint Global Coordinator, Joint Bookrunner and Joint Lead Manager

Joint Bookrunner and Joint Lead Manager

Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited, The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited take no responsibility
for the contents of this prospectus, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever
arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this prospectus.

A copy of this prospectus, having attached thereto the documents specified in the section headed “Documents Delivered to the Registrar of Companies” in Appendix
V, has been registered by the Registrar of Companies in Hong Kong as required by section 342C of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions)
Ordinance (Chapter 32 of the Laws of Hong Kong). The Securities and Futures Commission and the Registrar of Companies in Hong Kong take no responsibility
for the contents of this prospectus or any other document referred to above.

The Offer Price is expected to be determined by agreement between the Joint Global Coordinators (on behalf of the Underwriters) and the Company on the Price
Determination Date. The Price Determination Date is expected to be on or around Tuesday, October 23, 2018 and, in any event, not later than Tuesday, October 30,
2018. The Offer Price will be not more than HK$14.00 and is currently expected to be not less than HK$12.50, unless otherwise announced. If, for any reason, the
Offer Price is not agreed by Tuesday, October 30, 2018 between the Joint Global Coordinators (on behalf of the Underwriters) and the Company, the Global Offering
will not proceed and will lapse.

The Joint Global Coordinators (on behalf of the Underwriters) may, with the Company’s consent, reduce the number of Offer Shares being offered under
the Global Offering and/or the indicative Offer Price range below that stated in this prospectus at any time on or prior to the morning of the last day for
lodging applications under the Hong Kong Public Offering. In such a case, an announcement will be published in the South China Morning Post (in English)
and Hong Kong Economic Times (in Chinese) and on the websites of the Stock Exchange at www.hkexnews.hk and the Company at www.innoventbio.com
not later than the morning of the day which is the last day for lodging applications under the Hong Kong Public Offering.

Prior to making an investment decision, prospective investors should consider carefully all of the information set out in this prospectus, including the risk factors
set out in the section headed “Risk Factors” in this prospectus. The obligations of the Hong Kong Underwriters under the Hong Kong Underwriting Agreement to
subscribe for, and to procure subscribers for, the Hong Kong Offer Shares, are subject to termination by the Joint Global Coordinators (on behalf of the Underwriters)
if certain events shall occur prior to 8:00 a.m. on the Listing Date. Such grounds are set out in the section headed “Underwriting” in this prospectus. It is important
that you refer to that section for further details.

The Offer Shares have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or any state securities law in the United States and may not be offered, sold,
pledged or transferred within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in transactions exempt from,
or not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act. The Offer Shares are being offered and sold (i) solely to QIBs as defined in Rule 144A
pursuant to an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act and (ii) outside the United States in offshore transactions in accordance with Regulation S.

October 18, 2018

