APPENDIX I

Revenue recognition

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified in a contract with a customer and excludes amounts
collected on behalf of third parties. The Group recognises revenue when it transfers control of a product or service
to a customer.

The Group recognises revenue from the following major sources:

(a)

License fee income

The Group provides license of its patented intellectual property (“IP”) or commercialisation license to
customers and revenue is recognised when the customers obtain rights to use the underlying IP or license. The
consideration for licence comprises a fixed element (the upfront payment) and variable elements (including but
not limited to development milestones and royalties). The upfront fee is recognised as revenue when customers
have ability to use the underlying IP of the licence. Development milestones is recognised as revenue when
the Group can conclude that it is highly probable that there will not be a subsequent reversal of a significant
amount of revenue. Sales based royalties are not included in the transaction price until customers makes sales.

A promised amount of consideration is adjusted for the effects of the time value of money if the timing
of payments agreed by the parties of the contract provides the customer or the entity with a significant benefit
of financing the transfer of services to the customers.

(b)

Research and development service fee income

The Group primarily earns revenues by providing research services to its customers through
fee-for-service contracts. Contract duration ranges from a few months to years. Upfront payments received by
the Group is initially recognised as a contract liability. Services revenue are recognised as a performance
obligation satisfied over time as the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer
controls as the asset is created or enhanced. The Group using cost incurred to date as an input method to
measure progress towards complete satisfaction of these performance obligations under IFRS 15. Payment for
services is not due from the customer until the development are completed and therefore a contract asset is
recognised over the period in which the services are performed.

Leasing

Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and

rewards of ownership to the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.

The Group as lessee

Operating lease payments, including the cost of acquiring land held under operating leases, are recognised as

an expenses on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

Foreign currencies

In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the
functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges prevailing at the dates
of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are
retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in
a foreign currency are not retranslated.

Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items,

are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which
are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to
the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

Borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss for the period in which they are incurred.

– I-15 –

