FUTURE PLANS AND USE OF PROCEEDS

If the Over-allotment Option is exercised in full, the additional net proceeds that the
Company will receive will be approximately HK$450.9 million, assuming an Offer Price of
HK$13.25 per Share, being the mid-point of the proposed Offer Price range. The Company may
be required to issue up to an aggregate of 35,452,000 additional Shares pursuant to the
Over-allotment Option.

To the extent that the net proceeds of the Global Offering are not immediately required
for the above purposes or if we are unable to put into effect any part of our development plan
as intended, we may hold such funds in short-term deposits so long as it is deemed to be in the
best interests of the Company. In such event, we will comply with the appropriate disclosure
requirements under the Listing Rules.

Since we are an offshore holding company, we will need to make capital contributions and
loans to our PRC subsidiaries such that the net proceeds of this offering can be used in the
manner described above. Such capital contributions and loans are subject to a number of
limitations and approval processes under PRC laws and regulations. There are no costs
associated with registering loans or capital contributions with relevant PRC authorities, other
than nominal processing charges. Under PRC laws and regulations, the PRC governmental
authorities or designated banks are required to process such approvals or registrations or deny
our application within a prescribed period, which are usually less than 90 days. The actual time
taken, however, may be longer due to administrative delay. We cannot assure you that we can
obtain the approvals from the relevant governmental authorities, or complete the registration
and filing procedures required to use our net proceeds as described above, in each case on a
timely basis, or at all, as PRC regulation of loans and direct investment by offshore holding
companies to PRC entities may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds of this offering to
make loans or additional capital contributions to our PRC operating subsidiaries, which could
materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business.
See the section headed “Risk Factors – Risk Relating to Our Doing Business in China.”

– 383 –

