RISK FACTORS

holders of our Shares. Foreign exchange transactions under the capital account remain subject
to limitations and require approvals from, or registration with, SAFE and other relevant PRC
governmental authorities. This could affect our ability to obtain foreign currency through debt
or equity financing for our subsidiaries.

Our business benefits from certain financial incentives and discretionary policies granted by
local governments. Expiration of, or changes to, these incentives or policies would have an
adverse effect on our results of operations.

In the past, local governments in China granted certain financial incentives from time to
time to our PRC subsidiaries as part of their efforts to encourage the development of local
businesses. The timing, amount and criteria of government financial incentives are determined
within the sole discretion of the local government authorities and cannot be predicted with
certainty before we actually receive any financial incentive. We generally do not have the
ability to influence local governments in making these decisions. Local governments may
decide to reduce or eliminate incentives at any time. In addition, some of the government
financial incentives are granted on a project basis and subject to the satisfaction of certain
conditions,
incentive agreements and
completion of the specific projects therein. We cannot guarantee that we will satisfy all
relevant conditions, and if we fail to satisfy any such conditions, we may be deprived of the
relevant incentives. We cannot assure you of the continued availability of the government
incentives currently enjoyed by us. Any reduction or elimination of incentives would have an
adverse effect on our results of operations.

including compliance with the applicable financial

We may be restricted from transferring our scientific data abroad

On March 17, 2018, the General Office of the State Council promulgated the Measures
for the Management of Scientific Data (《科學數據管理辦法》), or the Scientific Data
Measures, which provides a broad definition of scientific data and relevant rules for the
management of scientific data. According to the Scientific Data Measures, enterprises in China
must seek governmental approval before any scientific data involving a state secret may be
transferred abroad or to foreign parties. Further, any researcher conducting research funded at
least in part by the Chinese government is required to submit relevant scientific data for
management by the entity to which such researcher is affiliated before such data may be
published in any foreign academic journal. Given the term state secret is not clearly defined,
we cannot assure you that we can always obtain relevant approvals for sending scientific data
(such as the results of our pre-clinical studies or clinical trials conducted within China) abroad
or to our foreign partners in China. If we are unable to obtain necessary approvals in a timely
manner, or at all, our research and development of drug candidates may be hindered, which
may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial conditions
and prospects. If the relevant government authorities consider the transmission of our scientific
data to be in violation of the requirements under the Scientific Data Measures, we may be
subject to fines and other administrative penalties imposed by those government authorities.

– 113 –

