RISK FACTORS

clinical or, in the future, commercial use, may result in the termination of or a hold on a clinical
trial, or may delay or prevent filing or approval of marketing applications for our drug
candidates or the commercialization of our drugs,
if approved. We also may encounter
problems with the following:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

achieving adequate or clinical-grade materials that meet NMPA, FDA, EMA or other
comparable regulatory agency standards or specifications with consistent and
acceptable production yield and costs;

shortages of qualified personnel, raw materials or key contractors; and

ongoing compliance with GMP regulations and other requirements of the NMPA,
FDA, EMA or other comparable regulatory agencies.

Failure to comply with applicable regulations could also result in sanctions being imposed
on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, a requirement to suspend or put on hold one
or more of our clinical trials, failure of regulatory authorities to grant marketing approval of
our drug candidates, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, supply disruptions, license
revocation, seizures or recalls of our drug candidates, operating restrictions and criminal
prosecutions, any of which could harm our business.

Developing advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls is required to fully
utilize our facilities. Advances in manufacturing techniques may render our facilities and
equipment inadequate or obsolete.

To produce our drug candidates in the quantities that we believe will be required to meet
anticipated market demand of our drug candidates if approved, we will need to increase, or
“scale up,” the production process by a significant factor over the initial level of production.
If we are unable to do so, are delayed, or if the cost of this scale up is not economically feasible
for us or we cannot find a third-party supplier, we may not be able to produce our approved
drug candidates in a sufficient quantity to meet future demand.

If our manufacturing facilities or the equipment in them is damaged or destroyed, we may
not be able to quickly or inexpensively replace our manufacturing capacity or replace it at all.
In the event of a temporary or protracted loss of the facilities or equipment, we might not be
able to transfer manufacturing to a third party. Even if we could transfer manufacturing to a
third party, the shift would likely be expensive and time-consuming, particularly since the new
facility would need to comply with the necessary regulatory requirements and we would need
regulatory agency approval before selling any of our future approved drug candidates
manufactured at that facility. Such an event could delay our clinical trials or reduce our product
sales if and when we are able to successfully commercialize one or more of our drug
candidates. Any interruption in manufacturing operations at our manufacturing facilities could
result in our inability to satisfy the demands of our clinical trials or commercialization. Any
disruption that impedes our ability to manufacture our drug candidates in a timely manner
could materially harm our business, financial condition and operating results.

– 103 –

