STRUCTURE OF THE GLOBAL OFFERING

(d)

the obligations of the Hong Kong Underwriters under the Hong Kong Underwriting
Agreement and the obligations of
the
International Underwriting Agreement becoming and remaining unconditional and
not having been terminated in accordance with the terms of
the respective
agreements,

the International Underwriters under

in each case on or before the dates and times specified in the respective Underwriting
Agreements (unless and to the extent such conditions are validly waived on or before such
dates and times) and, in any event, not later than the date which is 30 days after the date
of this prospectus.

If, for any reason, the Offer Price is not agreed between the Joint Global Coordinators (on
behalf of the Underwriters) and the Company on or before Tuesday, October 30, 2018, the
Global Offering will not proceed and will lapse.

The consummation of each of the Hong Kong Public Offering and the International
Offering is conditional upon, among other things, the other offering becoming unconditional
and not having been terminated in accordance with its terms.

the Company and the Stock Exchange

If the above conditions are not fulfilled or waived prior to the dates and times specified,
the Global Offering will lapse and the Stock Exchange will be notified immediately. Notice of
the lapse of the Hong Kong Public Offering will be published by the Company in the South
China Morning Post (in English) and the Hong Kong Economic Times (in Chinese) and on the
at www.innoventbio.com and
websites of
www.hkexnews.hk, respectively, on the next day following such lapse. In such a situation, all
application monies will be returned, without interest, on the terms set out in the section headed
“How to Apply for Hong Kong Offer Shares – Refund of Application Monies” in this
prospectus. In the meantime, all application monies will be held in separate bank account(s)
with the receiving banks or other bank(s) in Hong Kong licensed under the Banking Ordinance
(Chapter 155 of the Laws of Hong Kong).

Share certificates for the Offer Shares will only become valid at 8:00 a.m. on Wednesday,
October 31, 2018, provided that the Global Offering has become unconditional in all respects
at or before that time.

DEALINGS IN THE SHARES

Assuming that the Hong Kong Public Offering becomes unconditional at or before 8:00
a.m. in Hong Kong on Wednesday, October 31, 2018, it is expected that dealings in the Shares
on the Stock Exchange will commence at 9:00 a.m. on Wednesday, October 31, 2018.

The Shares will be traded in board lots of 500 Shares each and the stock code of the

Shares will be 1801.

– 407 –

