APPENDIX III

SUMMARY OF THE CONSTITUTION OF THE
COMPANY AND CAYMAN COMPANIES LAW

Proper books of account shall not be deemed to be kept if there are not kept such books
as are necessary to give a true and fair view of the state of the company’s affairs and to explain
its transactions.

9

Register of Members

An exempted company may, subject

to the provisions of its articles of association,
maintain its principal register of members and any branch registers at such locations, whether
within or without the Cayman Islands, as its directors may from time to time think fit. There
is no requirement under the Companies Law for an exempted company to make any returns of
members to the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands. The names and addresses of the
members are, accordingly, not a matter of public record and are not available for public
inspection.

10

Inspection of Books and Records

Members of a company will have no general right under the Companies Law to inspect
or obtain copies of the register of members or corporate records of the company. They will,
however, have such rights as may be set out in the company’s articles of association.

11

Special Resolutions

The Companies Law provides that a resolution is a special resolution when it has been
passed by a majority of at least two-thirds of such members as, being entitled to do so, vote
in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting of which notice
specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been duly given,
except that a company may in its articles of association specify that the required majority shall
be a number greater than two-thirds, and may additionally so provide that such majority (being
not less than two-thirds) may differ as between matters required to be approved by a special
resolution. Written resolutions signed by all the members entitled to vote for the time being of
the company may take effect as special resolutions if this is authorised by the articles of
association of the company.

12

Subsidiary Owning Shares in Parent

The Companies Law does not prohibit a Cayman Islands company acquiring and holding
shares in its parent company provided its objects so permit. The directors of any subsidiary
making such acquisition must discharge their duties of care and to act in good faith, for a
proper purpose and in the interests of the subsidiary.

– III-22 –

