APPENDIX I

ACCOUNTANTS’ REPORT

Amortised cost and effective interest method

The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a debt instrument and of

allocating interest income over the relevant periods.

The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts (including all fees
and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other
premiums or discounts) excluding expected credit losses (“ECL”), through the expected life of the debt instrument,
or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the gross carrying amount of the debt instrument on initial recognition.

The amortised cost of a financial asset is the amount at which the financial asset is measured at initial
recognition minus the principal repayments, plus the cumulative amortisation using the effective interest method of
any difference between that initial amount and the maturity amount, adjusted for any loss allowance. On the other
hand, the gross carrying amount of a financial asset is the amortised cost of a financial asset before adjusting for any
loss allowance.

Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for debt instruments measured subsequently
at amortised cost and at FVTOCI. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross
carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired. For
financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the
effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset. If, in subsequent reporting periods, the credit risk
on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest
income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset.

Interest income is recognised in profit or loss and is included in the “other income” line item.

Financial assets at FVTPL

Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI are measured

at FVTPL. Specifically:

(cid:129)

(cid:129)

Investments in equity instruments are classified as at FVTPL, unless the Group designates an equity
investment that is neither held for trading nor a contingent consideration arising from a business
combination as at FVTOCI on initial recognition.

Debt instruments that do not meet the amortised cost criteria or the FVTOCI criteria are classified as
at FVTPL. In addition, debt instruments that meet either the amortised cost criteria or the FVTOCI
criteria may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial recognition if such designation eliminates or
significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would arise from measuring
assets or liabilities or recognising the gains and losses on them on different bases. The Group has not
designated any debt instruments as at FVTPL.

Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value
gains or losses recognised in profit or loss to the extent they are not part of a designated hedging relationship. The
net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss includes any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is
included in the ‘other gains and losses’ line item.

Foreign exchange gains and losses

The carrying amount of financial assets that are denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign
currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of each reporting period. Specifically, for financial assets measured
at amortised cost that are not part of a designated hedging relationship, exchange differences are recognised in profit
or loss in the ‘other gains and losses’ line item.

– I-20 –

