CORNERSTONE INVESTORS

THE CORNERSTONE PLACING

We have entered into cornerstone investment agreements (each a “Cornerstone
Investment Agreement”, and together the “Cornerstone Investment Agreements”) with the
cornerstone investors described below (each a “Cornerstone Investor”, and together, the
“Cornerstone Investors”), pursuant
to which the Cornerstone Investors have agreed to,
subject to certain conditions, acquire at the Offer Price a certain number of our Offer Shares,
the Offer Shares that may be purchased with an aggregate investment amount of approximately
HK$1,918,345,000 (calculated based on the conversion rate of US$1.00 to HK$7.8282 for
illustrative purposes only)
to the Cornerstone
Investment Agreements, all US dollar investment amounts are to be calculated using the
closing Hong Kong dollar: US dollar exchange rate quoted by The Hongkong and Shanghai
Banking Corporation Limited at 6:00 p.m. on the business day immediately prior to the Price
Determination Date (excluding brokerage and the levies which the Cornerstone Investor will
pay in respect of the Offer Shares subscribed for).

(the “Cornerstone Placing”). Pursuant

Assuming an Offer Price of HK$12.50, being the low-end of the indicative Offer Price
range set out in this prospectus, the total number of Offer Shares to be acquired by the
Cornerstone Investors would be 153,465,000 Offer Shares, representing approximately 64.93%
of the Offer Shares and approximately 13.72% of our total issued share capital immediately
upon completion of the Global Offering (assuming the Over-allotment Option is not exercised
and no shares are issued pursuant to the Equity Plans).

Assuming an Offer Price of HK$13.25, being the mid-point of the indicative Offer Price
range set out in this prospectus, the total number of Offer Shares to be acquired by the
Cornerstone Investors would be 144,777,500 Offer Shares, representing approximately 61.26%
of the Offer Shares and approximately 12.95% of our total issued share capital immediately
upon completion of the Global Offering (assuming the Over-allotment Option is not exercised
and no shares are issued pursuant to the Equity Plans).

Assuming an Offer Price of HK$14.00, being the high-end of the indicative Offer Price
range set out in this prospectus, the total number of Shares to be acquired by the Cornerstone
Investors would be 137,020,000 Offer Shares, representing approximately 57.97% of the Offer
Shares and approximately 12.25% of our
immediately upon
completion of the Global Offering (assuming the Over-allotment Option is not exercised and
no shares are issued pursuant to the Equity Plans).

issued share capital

total

The Cornerstone Placing will form part of the International Offering and the Cornerstone
Investors will not acquire any Offer Shares under the Global Offering (other than pursuant to
the Cornerstone Investment Agreements). The Offer Shares to be acquired by the Cornerstone
Investors will rank pari passu in all respect with the fully paid Shares in issue and will not
count towards the public float of our Company under Rule 18A.07 of the Listing Rules.
Immediately following the completion of the Global Offering, save for Mr. Shuyun Chen, who
is appointed by Capital Group (i.e. Seacliff (Cayman) Ltd. and Dwyer (Cayman) Ltd.), the
Cornerstone Investors will not have any Board representation in our Company, nor will they
become a substantial shareholder of the Company. To the best knowledge of our Company,
except for Mr. Shuyun Chen, who is appointed by Capital Group (i.e. Seacliff (Cayman) Ltd.
and Dwyer (Cayman) Ltd.) (as defined below), each of the Cornerstone Investors is an
Independent Third Party and is not our Company’s connected person (as defined in the Listing
Rules).

– 358 –

